80TH INTEGRATED ANNUAL
REPORT 2024-25

Our Founder
Jamsetji Nusserwanji Tata
03.03.1839 – 19.05.1904
In a free enterprise, the community is not just
another stakeholder in business, but is in fact
the very purpose of its existence.

In Remembrance
Padma Vibhushan
Ratan N Tata
28.12.1937 – 09.10.2024
It is with a profound sense of loss that we bid farewell to Mr. Ratan Naval Tata,
a truly uncommon leader whose immeasurable contributions have shaped not
only the Tata Group but also the very fabric of our nation.
For the Tata Group, Mr. Tata was more than a chairperson. He inspired by
example. With an unwavering commitment to excellence, integrity and
innovation, the Tata Group under his stewardship expanded its global footprint
while always remaining true to its moral compass.
Mr. Tata’s dedication to philanthropy and the development of society has
touched the lives of millions. From education to healthcare, his initiatives have
left a deep‑rooted mark that will benefit generations to come. Reinforcing all of
this mark was Mr. Tata’s genuine humility in every individual interaction.
His legacy will continue to inspire us as we strive to uphold the principles
he so passionately championed.

New Paths
Newer Aspirations
At Tata Motors, we are stepping into a new era — one defined by
sharper focus, greater agility, and bold ambition.
Our forthcoming demerger marks a pivotal transformation: forming two
independent, publicly listed companies — one dedicated to personal
mobility, including Passenger Vehicles and Jaguar Land Rover, and the
other focused on commercial mobility solutions.
This move enables each entity to pursue distinct strategies, drive
purposeful innovation, and respond swiftly to evolving market dynamics.
With dedicated leadership and a clear strategic mandate, both
businesses are better positioned to strengthen market presence, unlock
new growth opportunities, and deliver sustained value while continuing
our legacy of safety, reliability, and sustainability.
For our stakeholders, this evolution is more than a structural change
— it is a reaffirmation of our commitment to long‑term value creation,
deeper customer trust, and shaping the future of mobility.
As we chart new paths, we do so with renewed
aspirations — to lead with clarity, perform with excellence,
and deliver a safer, smarter, and greener tomorrow.

FY25
highlights
(Consolidated)
Financial and operational Sustainability
Sales (wholesale excl. CJLR) 2.8% Group revenue 1.3%
Page 78
units I crore
Planet
13,41,969 4,39,695
46%
Renewable electricity in
FY25 13,41,969 FY25 4,39,695 Tata Motors India Operations
FY24 13,80,315 FY24 4,34,016
Page 94
FY23 12,84,953 FY23 3,45,967
People and culture
6.8%
Total employee voluntary
Market capitalisation 33.4% Profit after tax 3,658 turnover rate
$ billion* I crore
29 28,149
Page 118
FY25 29 FY25 28,149 Community resilience
14.78 lakh
FY24 43.6 FY24 31,807 Beneficiaries covered
FY23 18.3 FY23 2,690
Page 140
Governance
R&D spends 14.2% Patents registered 162 78% 33%
I crore TML**+JLR Independent Board
Directors diversity
33,569 508
ESG ratings
FY25 33,569 FY25 508
FY24 29,398 FY24 670
Climate Water
B B
change security
FY23 20,265 FY23 289
y‑o‑y increase *As on March 31, 2025
y‑o‑y decrease **Includes data for TML, TMPVL and TPEML
FY24 restated for TMF merger with Tata Capital

About the report
Tata Motors Limited’s 80th Integrated Annual Report for FY25 covers our financial and
non‑financial performance and provides an insight into our business model, strategy, risks,
opportunities, performance, and achievements during the period under review.
Reporting cycle The reporting boundary for non‑financial Responsibility statement
data in the ‘Sustainability Review’ section Our Board ensures the integrity,
covers indicators as per GRI Standards 2021 completeness, and adherence to the IFRS’
01 04 24
for Tata Motors Limited (TML), Tata Motors <IR> Framework in the preparation and
31 03 25 Passenger Vehicles Limited (TMPVL), Tata presentation of this Report.
Passenger Electric Mobility Limited (TPEML)
and a select set of indicators for JLR. The Page 66
Date MONTH YEAR Materiality
four entities included in the sustainability
Tata Motors’ top management actively
disclosures are a subset of those covered
reviews topics, critical to stakeholders and
Frameworks, guidelines in the consolidated financial statements
value creation and determines the inclusion
and standards used: mentioned in Form AOC‑1 of this Integrated
of material topics in the Integrated Report.
Annual Report. The BRSR Section covers
International <IR> TML disclosures on a standalone basis. Page 238
Framework (the ‘<IR> Assurance
A limited assurance on select GRI indicators
Framework’)
for TML, TMPVL and TPEML and select BRSR • Financial statements: Audited by
Companies Act, 2013 indicators for TML (which are not part of independent auditors BSR & Co. LLP
( ta hn ed re t uh ne d r eu rl )es made BRSR Core) is provided by KPMG Assurance • For non‑financial data (India operations):
and Consulting Services LLP.
− The BRSR covers data for TML on
Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Reporting of environmental and a standalone basis; Reasonable
Obligations and safety‑related KPIs under the ‘Sustainability assurance has been provided
D Reis gc ulo las tiu ore n sR ,e 2q 0u 1i 5rements) Review’ section does not include the on BRSR Core Indicators by
non‑manufacturing locations, namely KPMG Assurance and Consulting
Secretarial Standards regional and corporate offices of TML, Services LLP.
issued by the Institute
TMPVL, and TPEML and excludes the
of Company Secretaries
of India joint operations of Tata Cummins Private − Limited assurance is provided by
Limited. TML has evaluated and does not KPMG Assurance and Consulting
believe that this exclusion is material both Services LLP on select BRSR
GRI Standards 2021
qualitatively and quantitatively to the indicators (which are not part
reporting under this section. of BRSR Core) covering TML and
United Nations select indicators reported as per
Sustainable Development The information/data measurement GRI Standards 2021 covering TML,
Goals (UN SDGs)
techniques used and the basis of calculations TMPVL and TPEML.
Indian Accounting Standards and estimates have been mentioned in the
relevant sections of this report. The Assurance Statements are available on
our website. https://www.tatamotors.com/
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting
(BRSR) There are certain restatements in the annual‑reports/.
‘Sustainability Review’ section for combined
Reporting scope and boundary disclosures of TML, TMPVL and TPEML in Tax Transparency Report
Unless otherwise specified, the Report the comparative year due to changes in We are initiating an annual ‘Tax
approach, methodology and recomputation Transparency Report’ from this financial
covers financial information on a
of certain attributes in this report. year. The Tax Transparency Report is a
consolidated basis across segments for Restatements have been done on the voluntary disclosure published on our
Tata Motors Group. The operating segment following attributes – energy consumption, website to provide a holistic perspective of
comprises the automotive segment and GHG emissions, and air emissions. The our contribution to the exchequer in India
others, with details presented for entities effects and reasons have been included and globally, as well as transparency in
based on three reportable sub‑segments: under the respective Principles of this managing our tax affairs.
report. These restatements would
Tata Commercial Vehicles (Tata CV), The Tax Transparency Report on our website
enable consistency and comparability
Tata Passenger Vehicles (Tata PV) and https://www.tatamotors.com/annual‑reports/.
of information for the current year
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR). and previous year.
Forward-looking statements
Certain statements in this report regarding Tata Motors, business operations may constitute forward‑looking statements. These include all statements other than statements of historical facts,
including those regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations. Forward‑looking statements can be identified by words such as ‘believes’,
‘estimates’, ‘anticipates’, ‘expects’, ‘intends’, ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘plans’, ‘outlook’ and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operational or financial performance.
Forward‑looking statements are necessarily dependent on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and that may be incapable of being realised and as such ,are not intended
to be a guarantee of future results but constitute the Company’s current expectations based on reasonable assumptions. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward‑
looking statements due to various events, risks, uncertainties and other factors. Tata Motors neither assumes any obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward‑looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
80th Integrated Annual Report
02
2024-25

Contents
04 74
Integrated Sustainability
Report Review
About Tata Motors 04
GROUP INITIATIVES
Chairman’s message 06
Our value creation approach 10
Sustainability -
Board of Directors 14
Project Aalingana 74
Operating environment 16
Key performance highlights Sustainability strategy 76
150
(consolidated) 18 TML ‑ Planet 78
Statutory
20 GROUP INITIATIVES
Reports
Occupational safety and
Business
health interventions 92 Board’s Report 150
Segments Business Responsibility and
TML ‑ People and culture 94 Sustainability Report 182
Commercial Vehicles 20 Management Discussion
Passenger Vehicles 30 GROUP INITIATIVES and Analysis 242
Electric Vehicles 38 Report on Corporate
Community 116
Jaguar Land Rover 44 Governance 264
Bharat Mobility Global Expo 2025 54
TML ‑ Community resilience 118
294
56
GROUP INITIATIVES
Financial
Value Tata Affirmative Action
Statements
Programme (TAAP) 124
Creation
Consolidated 294
Aadhar ‑ Deep commitment Standalone 419
GROUP INITIATIVES to inclusivity 126
Technology and JLR ‑ Planet regenerate 128 514
innovation 56 JLR ‑ Engage for good 134
Notice
JLR ‑ Responsible business 136
Technology and innovation 58
R&D and innovation 60 Governance 140
Stakeholder engagement 62 Awards and accolades 148 578
Investor and shareholder centricity 64
Materiality assessment 66 Others
Risk management 68
ESG Databook 578
Corporate information 584
Visit our website
www.tatamotors.com to learn
more about our sustainability and
business achievements.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
03 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

About Tata Motors
Tata Motors Limited (TML), a $29 billion# organisation, is a leading global
automobile manufacturer, offering a diverse portfolio of smarter, integrated and
safer mobility solutions. We are recognised for our world‑class quality, originality,
engineering and design excellence. We are pioneering India’s EV transition,
shaping the future of mobility in India.
Tata Commercial Vehicles Tata Passenger Vehicles
Tata CV Tata PV + Tata EV PV
CV
India’s largest CV manufacturer Legacy of superior design, advanced
offering the widest range of products features, premium interiors and a EV
and service portfolio catering to cargo robust powertrain while leading the
and public mobility segments. way in electrification.
#1 #3 #1
CV player in India PV player in India EV player in India
Jaguar Land Rover
JLR
Our vision is to become proud creators of the
world’s most desirable modern luxury brands for
the most discerning of clients. JLR is a house of
four distinct and emotionally engaging brands
that enable our clients to live the exceptional:
Range Rover, Defender, Discovery, and Jaguar.
JLR
Tata CV includes: Tata PV includes:
҉ Tata Motors Body Solutions Limited (TMBSL) ҉ Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited (TMPVL)
҉ TML CV Mobility Solutions Limited (TML CVMSL) ҉ Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited (TPEML)
҉ TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Limited (TML SCMSL) ҉ Tata Motors Design Tech Centre plc (TMDTC)
҉ TML Smart City Mobility Solutions J&K Private Limited ҉ Trilix S.R.L
(TML SCMS J&K) ҉ Joint Operation Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited (FIAPL)
҉ Tata Daewoo Mobility Company Limited (TDM)
҉ Tata Daewoo Mobility Sales Company Limited (TDMS)
҉ PT Tata Motors Indonesia (PTTMIL) JLR includes:
҉ Joint Operation Tata Cummins Private Limited (TCPL) ҉ Jaguar Land Rover Group
҉ Jaguar Land Rover Technology and Business
# This represents Market Capitalisation as on March 31, 2025 Services Private Limited (JLRTBSI)
80th Integrated Annual Report
04
2024-25

100+ countries | 24 Manufacturing sites | 8 R&D sites | >9,300 touchpoints | >85,000 collective workforce
I
9,15,607 1,18,630 crore
Vehicles sold Revenue
Manufacturing sites 15
R&D sites 3
I
1,28,988 94,087 crore
Vehicles sold Revenue
I
47,186 55,354 crore
Vehicles sold Revenue
(excl. CJLR)
Joint manufacturing site 1
I
82,432 54,520 crore
Vehicles sold Revenue
Manufacturing sites 5
R&D sites 3
I
71,746 51,307 crore
Vehicles sold Revenue
Manufacturing sites 1
R&D site 1
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
05 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
ecneserp
yek
ruO

Chairman’s message
N Chandrasekaran
Chairman and Non‑Executive Director
Dear Shareholders,
It is my privilege to present the Across all these shifts, one stands In this context, I am pleased to share
Integrated Annual Report of apart: the potential of Artificial that your Company made steady
Tata Motors Limited for FY25, Intelligence (AI)/Generative AI progress in FY25, navigating a complex
marking the 80th year of your (Gen AI). This is not merely another operating environment with agility
Company’s journey. technological shift; it is a civilisational and focus, enabling consistent
one. AI is swiftly becoming as progress across our portfolio while
This was the year we lost Mr. Ratan fundamental to human progress reinforcing the foundations of
Tata, whose vision made Tata Motors as electricity once was, reshaping a resilient, customer‑centric, and
what it is today. We remain inspired our world in ways we are only future‑ready organisation.
by his contributions. beginning to comprehend. It’s being
supercharged by parallel progress in While performance varied across
The year 2025 began with optimism, semiconductors, cloud computing, segments, each of our automotive
underpinned by expectations of quantum technologies, robotics, businesses — Commercial Vehicles (CV),
macroeconomic stability and recovery energy innovations and innovations Passenger Vehicles (PV), and Jaguar Land
with global growth, falling inflation, in energy storage. What makes Rover (JLR), remained aligned to their
and tailwinds from falling interest this moment uniquely significant strategic priorities and demonstrated
rates. However, this macro narrative is its simultaneity. Unlike previous tangible progress across key areas.
shifted with rising concerns around technological revolutions that arrived
global growth and inflation as policy sequentially across the globe, AI/ Your Company successfully addressed
uncertainty rose sharply with dramatic Gen AI is emerging simultaneously several challenges during the year,
shifts in trade policy. Amid trade everywhere and impacting the pace including geopolitical turbulence,
uncertainties, global growth is of change of other technologies. challenges with global supply chains,
expected to slow to 2.3% in 2025 and a fluctuating demand for autos in
from 2.8% in 2024. For Tata Motors, AI/Gen AI presents certain markets.
huge opportunities in all aspects of the
In this challenging landscape, the business, including how vehicles are On a consolidated basis, the business
long‑term structural shifts that I have conceived, how they are built and how delivered several key milestones,
referred to earlier, transition to cleaner they operate on the road. AI in vehicles including record high revenue of
and greener energy, deepening digital is improving safety, increasing fuel I4,39,695 crore, EBITDA of I57,649
transformation, and reconfiguration efficiency, and providing drivers with crore, and record high PBT (before
of global supply chains, continue to enhanced connectivity features. This is exceptional items) of I34,330 crore
move forward. the new context in which we craft our leading to the group becoming debt
strategies for the future. free this year.
80th Integrated Annual Report
06
2024-25

The proposed demerger will bring greater
strategic clarity and agility, enabling a more
focused approach to execution and value
creation, delivering superior experiences for
customers, rewarding careers for employees,
and long‑term returns for shareholders.
The Board has recommended a final deploying over 3,600 electric buses SUVs and CNG vehicles helped
dividend of I6/‑ per ordinary share for while maintaining high uptime. achieve key milestones in cumulative
FY25, subject to your approval. The planned integration with the CV PV and EV sales. Driven by a robust
Passenger business is expected to multi‑powertrain strategy and
I would now like to outline the unlock synergies and drive further a deep‑rooted commitment to
opportunities ahead and the key expansion and innovation in public sustainable mobility, we grew the share
imperatives for each of our businesses. and private mobility solutions. of CNG and electric vehicles to 36% of
our overall portfolio.
Commercial Vehicles Digital platforms such as Fleet Edge and
Tata Motors Commercial Vehicles has Fleet Verse continue to grow in scale We commenced work on our new
successfully restructured the business and impact, delivering measurable manufacturing facility in Tamil Nadu,
into eight distinct verticals, enhancing value through connected services and laying the foundation for future
strategic focus and alignment and customer‑centric offerings. growth. At the same time, we scaled
enabling sharper performance delivery. our nationwide infrastructure and retail
Despite industry headwinds, the With a favourable macroeconomic footprint to accelerate the adoption
business gained market share and environment, rising infrastructure of electric vehicles. We also elevated
improved realisations in both Trucks investments, and strong replacement the end‑to‑end customer experience
and Buses. The performance of Small demand, the commercial vehicle through improved digital, retail, and
Commercial Vehicles and Pickups is industry is poised for sustained after‑sales service interventions.
still not at desired levels, and we are growth. Supported by a track record As we grow, we are also embedding
working to address it with speed. of operational and financial excellence, greater automation and AI into our
Tata Motors is well‑positioned to operations, enhancing agility and
The Non‑Vehicular segment continued capitalise on emerging opportunities. efficiency while shaping a future‑ready
its strong momentum, driven by manufacturing ecosystem.
growth in spares, services, and Passenger and
emerging verticals. Initiatives to Electric Vehicles (India)
enhance dealer profitability have The Indian passenger vehicle industry
yielded tangible results, reflected in entered a phase of consolidation
improved satisfaction scores across following years of high growth,
the network. with steady demand tempered by
macroeconomic factors.
Our Electric Mobility portfolio scaled
meaningfully, with Smart City Mobility
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
07 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Chairman’s message
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) Sustainability: recycling, contributing to a sustainable
JLR delivered a robust financial Core to our purpose automotive lifecycle. Through our
performance and strong operational In alignment with the Tata Group’s collaborative platform called ‘AIKYAM’,
progress in FY25. ‘Aalingana’ initiative, which focuses suppliers are being engaged to adopt
on achieving net‑zero emissions, sustainable practices across the value
From a financial results perspective, fostering circular economies, and chain. Additionally, flagship biodiversity
the Company delivered consolidated preserving biodiversity, your Company projects, supported by active employee
revenues of £29 billion, like the is embedding and actively advancing and community participation,
previous year. these principles across its operations. are conserving and promoting
natural ecosystems.
The Company achieved its aim of We have set ambitious targets:
reaching an adjusted EBIT margin achieving net‑zero greenhouse gas Through these concerted actions,
of 8.5% and recorded a positive net emissions by 2039 for JLR, 2040 for Tata Motors is leading the
cash position at the close of the our passenger vehicles and by 2045 automotive industry’s transition
financial year. for commercial vehicles, supported towards sustainable and responsible
by interim science‑based targets mobility solutions.
JLR continues to realise its Reimagine and a commitment to sourcing 100%
strategy this year, completing works renewable electricity by 2030. Demerger: A strategic leap
to transform its UK plants for electric To empower each business to pursue
vehicle production. The ambition is The TATVA framework emphasises its distinct vision, the demerger of
to have electric versions of all JLR’s circularity through optimised use Tata Motors into two listed entities —
brands by the end of the decade and of materials, energy, and product Commercial Vehicles and Passenger
be carbon net zero by 2039. lifecycles. With Re.Wi.Re (Recycle with Vehicles (including EV and JLR) — is
Respect), we are enabling responsible progressing as planned. Enabling
vehicle decommissioning and
80th Integrated Annual Report
08
2024-25

corporate actions to streamline the Looking ahead The commitment of our people and
capital structure of the Company and We step into FY26 with confidence in our partners during the year cannot be
enhance its operational focus gathered our strategy, strength in our execution, overstated. They continued to deliver
pace during the year with the successful and belief in our people. We remain the highest standards of care and
delisting of its DVRs and the merger vigilant to worldwide volatility, innovation for our clients, as well as for
of Tata Motors Finance Ltd. with including the impact of changes our communities and the environment.
Tata Capital Ltd. In early FY26, your in global trade conditions and the I would like to thank our teams for
Company’s shareholders approved varying degrees of adoption of electric their efforts and our partners for
the demerger which is expected to vehicles across different markets and their support.
be effective during the second half evolving technologies, to accelerate
of 2025, with shareholders receiving our production plans while delivering On behalf of the Board, I thank you for
equivalent shares in both entities. value to our customers. I remain your continued trust and partnership.
confident in the future of our brands Together, we are moving purposefully
The proposed demerger, will bring and the resilience of our business. Our towards a better tomorrow.
greater strategic clarity and agility, focus remains on delivering consistent
enabling a more focused approach to growth, enriching customer experience,
execution and value creation, delivering and innovating for a cleaner, safer, and
superior experiences for customers, more connected mobility future. Warm Regards,
rewarding careers for employees, and N Chandrasekaran
long‑term returns for shareholders.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
09 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Driven by our harnessing
vision and values... our resources…
Vision* Financial capital
We aim to become the
most aspirational Indian
automotive brand,
consistently winning, by: Our strong financial foundation supporting sustained
› Delivering superior business expansion.
financial returns
› Driving sustainable Manufactured capital
mobility solutions
› Exceeding customer
expectations
Our state‑of‑the‑art accredited manufacturing facilities,
› Creating a highly
empowered by quality‑focused, lean manufacturing expertise
engaged workforce that is globally competitive and scalable.
*Pre‑restructuring of commercial and
passenger vehicles business Intellectual capital
Mission
Our intangible assets, encompassing brand and reputation
We innovate mobility value, as well as research and development capabilities,
solutions with passion to innovation capabilities, knowledge, expertise, and strategic
partnerships, driving business growth.
enhance the quality of life.
Human capital
Culture pillars
Be Bold
Agility | Risk taking
Our organisational culture, workforce, combined knowledge,
skills, and experience, facilitating the development of
Solve together
competitive solutions.
Accountability | Collaboration
Social and relationship capital
Own it
Empowerment | Owner’s mindset
Be empathetic Our strong stakeholder relationships, driving sustainable
Embracing diversity | Passion for supply chain management while supporting local
customers communities for lasting positive impact.
Natural capital
Our direct utilisation and impact on natural resources
through our operations, including energy, water, and other
resources, as well as our influence through our activities
and products.
80th Integrated Annual Report
10
2024-25
hcaorppa
notiaerc
eulaV

we drive our
business activities…
K 1,16,144 K 47,784 Our key material topics
crore crore
Net worth Investment spending
K
1,018 1
crore Adoption of clean
Net automotive cash technology Innovation and
technology
10 2
3 Vehicle life
TML
Manufacturing facilities cycle analysis Design and
R&D/Engineering and
engineering
design centres
10
JLR
7
Manufacturing and
3
engineering facilities worldwide Technology hubs Greenhouse
gas emissions Strategic
sourcing
TML JLR
Product portfolio
4
Energy
K 33,569 Design applications 148 248 management Manufacturing
crore operations
R&D spend
Patent applications 250 831
Customer
5
K health and safety
39.53 58,442
crore Logistics
TML
Training and development spend Total employees including
workers
3,27,471
hours 9,24,398 6
Occupational
Specialised training and development
Health and safety
health and safety Financial
for management employees training hours
services
K
Supplier assessments and screening 40 crore 7
TML Ethical
through sustainable supply CSR spend
business conduct Global sales
chain initiative
network
2
lakh hours
Volunteered by employees 8
Customer
Governance
service
1.05 3.14 network
GJ/vehicle GJ/vehicle
TML TML
Specific direct energy Specific total energy
consumed (from fuels) consumption
9
Stakeholder
2.09 GJ/vehicle 46,77,573 m3 Mobility
centricity
Specific indirect energy consumed Water withdrawal service
(from electricity)
*Includes data for TML, TMPVL and TPEML.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
11 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

to deliver purpose‑led products, resulting in
responsibly managing waste and emissions… positive value creation…
Cars and Sport Utility Vehicles Financial capital
Truck and Buses
3,84,704
CV
Enhancing corporate value through sustainable growth
Units sold
in order to return profits to shareholders and investors.
Manufactured capital
5,56,367 Delivering best‑in‑class transportation solutions and
PV EV progressing towards enabling zero‑emission options while
Units sold maintaining the highest standards of quality and safety.
Intellectual capital
Contributing to needs of electrification, automation and
4,00,898 energy savings as well as safety and reliability through
JLR
development of high‑quality products and services.
Units sold
Human capital
Fostering employees’ work values and empowering them to
unlock their full potential by cultivating safe and inclusive
Emissions and waste (TML) work environments for a diverse workforce.
Social and relationship capital
Scope 1 emissions
70,746
tCO e
2 Building meaningful relationships with our customers,
suppliers, and local communities while promoting sustainable
practices. Through collaboration, we create a more equitable
Scope 2 emissions and sustainable community.
2,14,289
tCO
Natural capital
2
Total waste generated
Proactively working towards enhancing our positive impact
1,97,305 on the natural environment. As a resource‑intensive
MT
business, we focus on climate change, energy efficiency,
water conservation, biodiversity and waste management.
80th Integrated Annual Report
12
2024-25

for all
stakeholders.
K K
4,39,695 22,348 13.1%
crore crore
Revenue generated Auto free cash flow EBITDA margin
Final dividend recommended of I6/‑ per ordinary share, Employees
an outflow of I2,209/‑ crore
Investors and
13,41,969 64,269 shareholders
Total vehicles sold EV units sold
11% 17%
India PV business JLR (BEV+PHEV)
Customers
TML JLR
Across Connectivity, Electrification, Regulators/
Design
Sustainability, and Safety (CESS) Government
applications 127 290
Vehicle systems – powertrain, body
granted/regd.
and trim, suspension, brakes, HVAC,
68 440
and emission control Patents granted
Suppliers/Service
Future‑ready workforce 11.1%
TML providers
upskilled in ACESS, Electric Females in total workforce
vehicles and Industry 4.0
6.8%
Employee job satisfaction, Voluntary employee turnover rate
engagement and retention
0.13
Communities
LTIFR for employees and contractors
Our CSR focus areas: health, education, employability, TML
and environmental protection
Media
900+ 14.78
lakh
Assessments for supply chain partners Lives empowered through
and franchise outlets CSR activities
Dealers and
service centres
46% 6.3%
TML
Share of renewable electricity Reduction in specific
in total energy consumed Scope 2 emissions
3.3% Expert/Academic
and research
Reduction in specific water withdrawal
institutions
*Includes data for TML, TMPVL and TPEML.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
13 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board of Directors
Mr. N Chandrasekaran Mr. Om Prakash Bhatt Ms. Hanne Sorensen
Non‑Executive Director and Chairman Non‑Executive, Independent Director Non‑Executive, Independent Director
N N A C SHS R A N T
8 7 7
years 2 months years 9 months years 2 months
Ms. Vedika Bhandarkar Mr. Kosaraju V Chowdary Mr. Al-Noor Ramji
Non‑Executive, Independent Director Non‑Executive, Independent Director Non‑Executive, Independent Director
A S C SHS A T A R
5 4 2
years 8 months years 4 months years 9 months
*Represented as on March 31, 2025
Committees
A ‑ Audit Committee T ‑ Technology SHS ‑ Safety, Health and Sustainability
N ‑ Nomination and Remuneration C ‑ Corporate Social Responsibility
Chairperson Member
S ‑ Stakeholders’ Relationship R ‑ Risk Management
80th Integrated Annual Report
14
2024-25

Mrs. Usha Sangwan Mr. Bharat Puri Mr. Guenter Butschek
Non‑Executive, Independent Director Non‑Executive, Independent Director Additional Non‑Executive,
Independent Director
S A A R
1
year 9 months
8
months
1st May
Appointed on 2025
Core Board skills*
Entrepreneur/leadership 100%
Engineering & technology
67%
experience in automobile industry
Financial expertise 89%
Global exposure 78%
Diversity 100%
Mr. Girish Wagh
Executive Director
Mergers and acquisitions 100%
S T C R SHS Board service and governance 100%
3 years 8 months Sales and marketing 78%
78% 33% Please visit https://www.tatamotors.
com/organisation/our‑leadership/ for
more details on our Board Members
Independent Directors Board diversity
*Expertise and experience Page 267
of our Board Members
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
15 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Domestic
demand scenario
With our strategic The International Monetary Fund (IMF)
initiatives and product has projected India’s GDP growth at
6.2% for 2025. This forecast reflects
strategy firmly in place,
India’s strong economic fundamentals
we are well‑positioned to
and resilience amid global economic
capitalise on the evolving challenges. On the infrastructure front,
global economic dynamics, India has significantly ramped up its
spending with increased Union budget
leveraging India’s economic
allocation. For the fiscal year
growth. Our luxury brands
2025‑26, the Indian government has
have global appeal, and set a capital expenditure (capex) target
our business is resilient, of I11.21 lakh crore, marking a
10.08% increase from the previous
accustomed to changing
year’s revised estimate.
market conditions.
Our priorities now are The Indian commercial vehicle
delivering for our clients industry is expected to maintain its
growth trajectory in FY26, supported
around the world and
by continued positive momentum in
addressing these new US
the Indian economy despite global
trading terms. headwinds. However, commodity
inflation may add cost pressures due
to safeguarding duties and rising
global demand.
The Indian passenger vehicle
market is expected to sustain in the
year with overall demand growth
being shaped by macroeconomic
factors such as consumption growth,
inflation, infrastructure spending and
global geopolitics.
I
11
~ lakh crore
Capital expenditure target set by
Indian Government for FY26
80th Integrated Annual Report
16
2024-25
tnemnorivne
gnitarepO

Future ready
Resilient technology Sustainability
business strategy and digital and ESG focus
transformation
A resilient business strategy ensures Electrification and digital A focus on sustainability and ESG
long‑term success by anticipating risks, transformation are revolutionising principles drives responsible business
adapting to changes, and leveraging the automotive industry by enhancing practices. It enhances long‑term value,
opportunities. All the business verticals vehicle efficiency, connectivity, and mitigates risks, and fosters positive
of the Company are well placed sustainability. These advancements societal impact, ensuring ethical
with a focus on evolving customer drive innovation, improve user operations and resilience in a rapidly
preferences and value creation for the experiences, and support a changing world.
end customer. greener future.
The domestic vehicle industry in India
The commercial vehicle business The commercial and passenger is placing strong emphasis on ESG
aspires to deliver profitable growth vehicle industry in India is rapidly goals. Manufacturers are adopting
with reduced volatility along with embracing digitisation to enhance strategies aimed at achieving net zero
exploring new opportunities across efficiency, reduce costs, and improve emissions, water neutrality, and zero
the value chain. We introduced ‘Better customer experience. Connected waste to landfill. Vehicle scrappage
Always’, the new mantra embodying vehicle platforms are enabling real‑time initiatives are gaining momentum,
our steadfast commitment to all diagnostics and telematics, offering encouraging the removal of older,
stakeholders of continuous growth. fleet operators greater control over polluting vehicles from roads and
vehicle health and performance. promoting cleaner alternatives.
The passenger vehicle business There is a growing shift toward These measures reflect a growing
is resilient and holding the market digital sales channels and financing industry‑wide commitment to
share along with market leadership in platforms, making the purchase and sustainable growth, ensuring that
the EV industry. We plan to increase ownership experience more seamless economic progress goes hand in hand
the addressable market by introducing and accessible. with environmental stewardship and
new nameplates, strengthen the long‑term resilience.
multi‑powertrain strategy to leverage JLR built an award‑winning intelligent
industry powertrain shifts and leverage automation, artificial intelligence (AI) JLR successfully completed trials with
technology to augment our products in and data capability that has driven a Novelis using a new aluminium skin
line with customer demands. real impact for the business. One of alloy that’s up to 85% recycled and
the key enablers in delivering JLR’s up to 95% more energy efficient to
JLR has shifted to luxury, embodied Reimagine strategy is the introduction produce. Also, JLR X Pirelli FSC‑Certified
by four distinct House of Brands with of SAP S/4HANA, a cloud‑based rubber tyres are to be rolled out across
the creation of bespoke products and enterprise management system, to all future vehicles starting with the
special editions to increase desirability. JLR’s manufacturing plants. Range Rover Electric.
Better supplier relationships, greater
visibility of the global supply chain, and
in‑house control over the creation of
key components will remain focus area.
Better Revolutionary Gaining
always experience momentum
the new mantra of continuous growth and green future in vehicle scrappage initiatives
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
17 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Key performance highlights
(consolidated)
Tata Motors sustained its strong performance in FY25 delivering its
highest ever revenues and PBT (BEI) despite a challenging environment.
On a consolidated basis, the automotive business is now net debt free.
Financial highlights
y‑o‑y increase y‑o‑y decrease
Wholesales 2.8% Revenue 1.3% EBITDA 100 bps
units I crore (%)
FY25 13,41,969 FY25 4,39,695 FY25 13.1
FY24 13,80,315 FY24 4,34,016 FY24 14.1
FY23 12,84,953 FY23 3,45,967 FY23 10.7
EBIT 10 bps PBT (BEI) 4,962 PAT 3,658
(%) I crore I crore
FY25 7.9 FY25 34,330 FY25 28,149
FY24 8.0 FY24 29,368 FY24 31,807
FY23 3.6 FY23 1,803 FY23 2,690
Auto free cash flow Net automotive ROCE
4,577 17,040 110 bps
I crore debt/(cash) I crore (%)
FY25 22,348 FY25 (1,018) FY25 17.6
FY24 26,925 FY24 16,022 FY24 18.7
FY23 7,840 FY23 43,687 FY23 6.5
Auto debt to equity 30 bps EPS (basic) 3.8% ROE 2,080 bps
times per share (%)
FY25 0.6 FY25 78.80 FY25 28.0
FY24 0.9 FY24 81.95 FY24 48.8
FY23 2.1 FY23 6.29 FY23 6.0
80th Integrated Annual Report
18
2024-25

Consolidated trends^
Revenue EBITDA EBIT
I K crore I K crore (%)
440 57.6
44.3
263 261
22.3
5.2 11.7
7.9
93 0.0
8.6
PBT (BEI) Investment spend FCF
I K crore I K crore
34.3 34.8 47.8
21.9
33.7
22.4
9.0
3.9 2.4
‑2.6
‑8.7 ‑12.7
Net automotive debt ROCE*
I K crore (%)
48.3
24.1
17.6
21.9
13.6 11.3
‑0.1
-1.0
^16 years consolidated trends for analytical purposes only *Return on Capital Employed: EBIT/Average capital employed
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
19 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
01YF
01YF
01YF
51YF
51YF
51YF
02YF
02YF
02YF 52YF
52YF
52YF
01YF
01YF
01YF
51YF
51YF
51YF
02YF
02YF
02YF
52YF
52YF
52YF

Commercial
Vehicles
As India’s largest commercial vehicle manufacturer, TMCV is shaping the
future of mobility. In FY25, we advanced transformative technologies,
championed sustainability, and redefined efficiency. With innovation at
our core, we are building intelligent, future‑ready transport solutions that
empower progress and connect communities across a rapidly evolving nation.
New launches
Tata Intra V70 Gold Prima 4830.T Winger 9S
Building on the success of the Intra Engineered for long‑haul excellence, The Winger 9S blends superior passenger
brand, the new Tata Intra V70 Gold the Prima 4830.T offers a state‑of‑the‑ comfort with operator‑friendly
redefines performance with a robust art ergonomic cabin and best‑in‑class fuel efficiency — delivering a travel
2‑tonne payload capacity — a true features that maximise productivity experience that’s both economical
game‑changer in its class. while minimising driver fatigue. and enjoyable.
Magic Bi‑Fuel
Designed to lower ownership costs, the
new Magic Bi‑Fuel comes packed with
value‑driven features, making it ideal for
student, staff, and last‑mile transport.
80th Integrated Annual Report
20
2024-25

I
7,96,432 17
75,055
%
crore
Revenue Connected Vehicles Share of consolidated revenue
139 72
New launches Highest‑ever NPS
Existing
product range
Ultra Tata 407
Signa Prima Ace EV
Intra Magic Ambulance Winger
Ace Yodha 2.0 Starbus
Ultra EV Xenon X2
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
21 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Segments
CV CV
Executive Director’s message
Tata Motors Commercial Vehicles is
driving forward sustainable, digitally
enabled mobility solutions and
deepening customer engagement
through future‑ready products and
services that deliver greater efficiency,
reliability, and long‑term value.
Girish Wagh
Executive Director,
Tata Motors Limited
Dear Shareholders,
I hope this letter finds you and your of financial fitness laid in FY24 to channel partners, mechanics,
families in good health. deliver an improved performance financiers, fleet owners, logistics
with disciplined cost management, providers, and — importantly —
FY25 was a year of mixed trends for the improved realisation, and the growing drivers. By leveraging our extensive
Indian Commercial Vehicle industry, contribution of our Parts, Service physical network and digital platforms
shaped by macroeconomic caution and and other Downstream businesses. such as Fleet Edge, we deliver
evolving market dynamics. The industry Despite marginal declines in sales integrated, tech‑enabled solutions to
recorded a marginal decline of ~1%, volumes, our EBIT reached an all‑time all ecosystem players.
primarily due to pressures in the HCV high of I6,794 crore — representing
and SCV segments, especially in Q2. a 4.9% growth over FY24. The business The adoption of smart telematics
While cautious sentiment ahead of outperformed the industry, gaining across ~8,00,000 vehicles is
state and general elections led to a share and improving realisation in enabling data‑driven decisions that
moderation in demand, segments like Trucks and Buses. improve uptime, reduce operating
buses remained resilient — driven by costs, and enhance driver safety.
public transport investments and the With the restructuring into eight Our Customer Success Centres (CSCs)
shift to electric mobility. Encouragingly, focused business verticals now fully are helping fleet operators maximise
electric CVs gained traction, embedded, our transformation into performance and minimise downtime.
especially in buses and last‑mile a future‑ready, customer‑centric Our comprehensive engagement also
applications, supported by improving organisation is enhancing our agility, extends to mechanics and Logistic
TCO economics. Across the board, strengthening accountability, and Service Providers through initiatives
infrastructure investments, cleaner fuel aligning us more closely with both our like Fleet Edge and Fleet Verse,
adoption, and digitalisation continued strategic priorities and the evolving ensuring a cohesive and future‑ready
to shape fleet and OEM strategies. needs of our customers. CV ecosystem.
Sustaining momentum, Building an end-to-end Rebranding to reflect
driving impact ecosystem our purpose
In a year of varying demand, Tata A core part of our long‑term strategy is With the forthcoming demerger
Motors Commercial Vehicles building a vibrant, digitally connected being a key inflection point, we are
built further on the foundation ecosystem that includes suppliers, repositioning ourselves through
80th Integrated Annual Report
22
2024-25

the ‘Better Always’ brand refresh. Embracing the digital and to road safety is reflected in sustained
In response to the ever‑changing AI opportunity partnerships with regulatory bodies
customer expectations on agility, The digital foundations laid over the and transport associations to drive
technology and partnership for past years are now enabling us to behaviour change and awareness.
greater success, we are refocusing adopt AI‑led transformations — both in
all our actions to sharpen our Core customer‑facing solutions and internal Developing talent,
Value Proposition. This new identity operations. We are piloting AI‑driven enabling growth
captures our core ethos — agility and predictive maintenance, real‑time fleet TMCV’s growth is underpinned by
growth‑oriented mindset, pushing insights, intelligent CRM tools, and a culture of continuous learning
the limits with positivity and humility personalisation in sales journeys. These and capability building. We have
and an endeavour to deliver better steps will help us offer differentiated scaled multiple talent development
in every moment to all stakeholders. value, sharpen our responsiveness, programmes focused on future
It will be a cornerstone in building and elevate user experience. skills, leadership, diversity, and
brand distinctiveness and customer digital proficiency. Our investments
resonance in the post‑demerger phase. We have also made good progress on in technical training centres and
Enterprise Digital, especially in the partnerships with academic institutions
Accelerating innovation area of Industry 4.0 in manufacturing, ensure that we are readying a future‑fit
and sustainability digitalisation of the supply chain, workforce aligned with industry shifts.
Innovation remains central to our and E‑Guru in sales. This has led
purpose. This year, we proudly unveiled to significant improvement in our Looking ahead
India’s first Hydrogen‑powered Internal delivery performance as well as The commercial vehicle industry is fast
Combustion Engine (H2ICE) truck — a overall efficiency. transforming toward cleaner, smarter,
significant milestone in our alternate and more connected solutions, and
fuel roadmap. We continue to invest in Building a global business Tata Motors Commercial Vehicles is
clean mobility across EVs, CNG, LNG, Tata Motors Commercial Vehicles well positioned to lead this evolution.
and hydrogen, ensuring our customers is an enterprise with strong global While FY26 brings optimism with
have access to a range of sustainable aspirations. Our products are already anticipated post‑election policy clarity
choices. We have invested ahead of present in several markets, and we and infrastructure momentum, the
time in various EV hardware aggregates continue to build capabilities and forge global economic landscape remains
as well as control software, which alliances to strengthen the same — fluid. Geopolitical uncertainties and
will enhance the performance and while staying attuned to geopolitical emerging trade barriers may impact
efficiency of our Electric vehicles being and tariff‑related challenges that may global commerce and, in turn, our
launched across the range during this shape the near‑term trade landscape. international aspirations. We remain
year. Similarly, we are keenly exploring vigilant and responsive to these
the opportunities in Software Defined Empowering drivers, dynamics, guided by a sharper, more
Vehicles, including the enabling vehicle enhancing road safety agile organisation, a deeply integrated
architecture and technology stack, At the heart of our business lies the ecosystem, strong global ambitions,
with an aim to address India‑specific community of drivers, the unmarked and an unwavering commitment to
market and customer requirements. soldiers who keep the wheels of innovation. This foundation gives us
our growing economy running. We the confidence to navigate near‑term
Our Smart City Mobility portfolio has continue to expand our outreach and challenges while unlocking sustainable,
now deployed over 3,600 electric support for drivers through training long‑term growth and value for
buses, covering 30+ crore km with programmes, wellness initiatives, and all stakeholders.
>95% uptime. With Renewable digital tools that enhance safety and
Electricity (RE) now powering over efficiency. Notable efforts include Thank you for your continued trust
45% of our CV Operations and Scope 3 the deployment of ADAS (Advanced and support.
emissions down 12% year‑on‑year, we Driver Assistance Systems) features
are well on track toward our Net Zero in key models and safety training Warm Regards,
and RE100 goals. modules integrated within our driver Girish Wagh
connect platforms. Our commitment
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
23 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

CV
External
environment
FY25 was another eventful year wherein overall CV industry volumes were marginally lower than FY24.
Despite challenges through the year, Tata Motors Commercial Vehicles achieved industry‑leading growth
in trucks and commercial passenger carriers, thereby strengthening its market share as well as improving
the realisation. With continued growth in downstream and international business, the Company was
able to deliver healthy financials in FY25. Actions on Sustainability transition are progressing as per
plan; reinforcing our commitment to green, future‑ready technologies, the Company has developed and
introduced India’s first hydrogen‑powered heavy‑duty truck for real‑world testing, while our e‑bus fleet
continues to grow across Indian cities, collectively covering over 30 crore km cumulatively.
The industry witnessed a dynamic Commodity price movements Shift from mini trucks
FY25, marked by distinct quarterly and strategic implications to pickups
shifts. Q1 began on a positive note, In FY25, steel prices in India saw a In FY25, customer preferences began
with growth led by the M&HCV significant decline, driven by global shifting from mini trucks to pickups,
segment. Q2 saw a moderation in oversupply, subdued demand, particularly in rural and semi‑urban
demand due to monsoon disruptions, cheaper imports from China, lower markets. This trend was influenced
reduced fleet utilisation, and slower input costs, and increased domestic by rising costs in the mini truck
execution of infrastructure projects. production capacity. This downward segment post‑BS6 implementation,
In Q3, the industry saw sequential trend, especially in the latter half of including higher EMIs and stagnant
recovery, aided by the resumption the year, offered some relief to OEM freight rates. Pick‑ups gained traction
of construction and mining activity margins. However, the overall volatility due to their higher payload capacity,
and festive season demand. The — shaped by global supply‑demand improved drivability, and aspirational
momentum continued into Q4, imbalances and geopolitical tensions appeal. While mini trucks continue
indicating improving macroeconomic — continued to impact vehicle pricing, to serve important use cases, OEMs
stability. Despite early challenges, the procurement strategies, and cost are expanding their pick‑up offerings
industry closed the year with signs of structures. As a result, raw material to address evolving needs in last‑mile
recovery for the coming year. management remained a critical focus delivery and small business operations.
area for manufacturers across the
commercial vehicle value chain.
80th Integrated Annual Report
24
2024-25

Changing customer accelerated the transition toward
requirement – Movement sustainable public transportation, FY26
to higher tonnage prompting OEMs to invest in alternate
Fleet operators increasingly opted fuel technologies and expand their key priorities
for higher tonnage trucks to improve green mobility offerings across city and
operational efficiency and reduce intercity segments.
Our priority in FY26
cost per tonne‑kilometre. This
shift was driven by rising freight Government push for continues to be focused
volumes, logistics consolidation, and electrification in commercial on delivering superior
the expansion of hub‑and‑spoke vehicles products and services to
the customer, thereby
distribution models. OEMs responded While infrastructure spending was
improving their business.
by fortifying their heavy‑duty portfolio, relatively limited in FY25 due to fiscal
focusing on fuel efficiency, durability, constraints and election‑related
Our actions will continue
and total cost of ownership to meet the priorities, the government intensified
to strengthen financial
evolving needs of large fleet operators. its focus on electrification in the
fitness and operational
commercial vehicle sector. Incentives
excellence, reinforce
Rising demand for under the PM e‑Drive scheme and
safety and sustainability
alternate fuel buses various state EV policies supported
performance, and at the
FY25 saw a surge in demand for the adoption of electric buses,
same time accelerate
alternate fuel buses, particularly three‑wheelers, and light commercial
the digital journey across
electric, CNG, and LNG variants. vehicles. This shift aligned with national
the Company.
Urban transport bodies and state sustainability goals and emission
undertakings prioritised cleaner reduction targets, encouraging OEMs
mobility solutions, supported to accelerate investments in electric
by government subsidies and mobility solutions and expand their
environmental mandates. This shift zero‑emission product portfolios.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
25 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

CV
Strategic and
performance review
Advancing sustainability efforts Expanding downstream Fleet Verse, our comprehensive and
Our actions continue on all 3 pillars of opportunities innovative digital marketplace for
sustainability, viz. Net Zero Emissions, The Downstream Business has Tata Motors Commercial Vehicles,
Pioneering Circularity and, preserving recorded five consecutive years offers a seamless experience across
biodiversity and nature. In FY25, of growth in spares and service vehicle discovery, configuration,
we reduced the Scope 3 emissions penetration, while also expanding acquisition, and financing. Designed
by 12% and achieved 45% renewable into new areas such as Tata Motors to be future‑ready, it is evolving into
energy penetration. Our 3 plants Automotive Fluids (TMAF), Aggregates, a one‑stop digital destination for
have achieved a key milestone of and Fleet Care. E‑Dukaan, the digital all commercial vehicle needs. The
being water neutral and generating platform for genuine spare parts and platform has now grown to a robust
zero waste to landfill. Tata ReWiRe automotive fluids, registered 47% 4,37,000 users and 45,062 retail
started seven new registered vehicle year‑on‑year growth. partners, with 15% of total retail
scrappage facilities. Our volunteering transactions now routed through it.
efforts also grew, with per capita Accelerating our digital
volunteering hours increased by a business Advancing digitalisation
significant 70%, reflecting stronger Fleet Edge, our advanced We have successfully deployed
employee engagement. telematics‑based platform, now Industry 4.0 across seven strategic
powers over 8,00,000 vehicles, themes, driving measurable impact
Strengthening product and delivering actionable insights to across operations. In Connected
technology leadership drivers and fleet owners. This has Manufacturing, we have achieved
Our unwavering commitment is led to measurable improvements in a 96% OTIF (On‑Time In‑Full)
to deliver superior total cost of operational efficiency and productivity. performance with end‑to‑end
ownership, higher vehicle uptime, With a strong renewal rate, the customer order visibility. Through
and value‑added services that platform continues to expand its Real‑Time Equipment Monitoring,
enhance customer productivity footprint. The integration of Mileage 100% of our energy consumption
and operational efficiency. During Saarthi, a machine learning‑powered is now digitally tracked, enabling
the year, we made significant tool, has further enhanced its value precise energy management. In Safety
strides in product and technology proposition — enabling up to 6% Enhancement, over 1,560 AI‑enabled
leadership. We became the first Indian improvement in real‑world fuel safety cameras have been deployed
commercial vehicle manufacturer to economy. Looking ahead, our strategic to proactively monitor and mitigate
receive ARAI certification for ADAS collaboration with Freight Tiger is set risks. Our Flow House Management,
Level II, marking a key milestone in to deepen, with a clear focus on scaling SPD, and Logistics systems have been
intelligent mobility. Reinforcing our subscriber growth, enriching solution digitally integrated, connecting more
focus on sustainable transportation, offerings, and driving higher levels of than 500 vendors for real‑time order
we initiated the first‑ever trials of active engagement. visibility and tracking. Finally, we
hydrogen‑powered heavy‑duty trucks have built a Digital‑Ready Workforce,
in India. Additionally, we achieved full all actively engaged in driving
compliance with the AIS:29 revised digital transformation.
standards, significantly enhancing
truck cabin safety and ensuring greater
occupant protection in line with
evolving regulatory requirements.
These achievements underscore our
commitment to innovation, safety, and
environmental responsibility.
80th Integrated Annual Report
26
2024-25

FY25 marked a pivotal year in our of conversions through digital. Our the eBus footprint to 30 depots and
digital transformation journey, with customer engagement ecosystem 608 chargers. Similarly, we continue
data‑driven strategies delivering scaled significantly — 15 million+ to work with Tata Power and other
strong business outcomes. A standout personalised communications were EV charging solution providers for
achievement was crossing 1 million delivered via Salesforce Marketing eTrucks and eSCVs. We have partnered
YouTube subscribers in under two Cloud and CDP to over 60 million with Indian Oil Corporation for the
years — earning the Gold Play Button unified profiles. Social momentum supply of green hydrogen as part
and creating the largest community stayed strong with 26 digital of hydrogen‑powered truck pilot
in India’s CV industry. Our YouTube campaigns, and #BetterAlways trended currently underway. We are extending
campaigns reached 455.8 million nationally at #2 on X. our collaboration with Banks, NBFCs
views. Influencer content expanded and other key financial institutions to
to 1,625 videos across 12 languages, Ecosystem play enhance our reach. Supported by 4,576
generating 88 million+ views and The Company continues to work sales and service touchpoints, these
boosting sentiment by 21%. with its partners and stakeholders to initiatives ensure greater customer
develop comprehensive ecosystem convenience and reinforce our
Digital channels drove over 25% of solutions to deliver peace of mind to commitment to innovative, accessible,
total retail sales, with ILMCV and HCV the customers. We have expanded and sustainable mobility solutions.
categories seeing nearly one‑third
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
27 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

CV
Financial and
Sales volume 5.1%
operational metrics y‑o‑y increase Units (Wholesale)
y‑o‑y decrease
3,84,704
Diesel Petrol CNG + EV FY25 3,84,704
Powertrain mix 74% 11% 15% FY24 4,05,471
FY23 4,22,637
Revenue 4.7% EBITDA margin 100 bps EBIT 90 bps
I crore % %
75,055 11.8 9.1
FY25 75,055 FY25 11.8 FY25 9.1
FY24 78,791 FY24 10.8 FY24 8.2
FY23 70,816 FY23 7.4 FY23 5.2
PBT (BEI) 547 VAHAN market share 210 bps Sales touchpoints 57
I crore % Nos.
6,649 37.1 1,368
FY25 6,649 FY25 37.1 FY25 1,368
FY24 6,102 FY24 39.2 FY24 1,311
FY23 3,235 FY23 41.7 FY23 1, 298
Service touchpoints 63 NPS 0 Composite satisfaction 75
score
Nos. Nos.
3,208 72 737
FY25 3,208 FY25 72 FY25 737
FY24 3,145 FY24 72 FY24 812
FY23 3,007 FY23 71 FY23 813
80th Integrated Annual Report
28
2024-25

Business performance overview
During FY25, while overall revenues declined by 4.7%, EBITDA Looking ahead to FY26, we
margin increased to 11.8% (up 100 bps y‑o‑y) as mix and anticipate sustained growth
in the domestic market due
realisations are optimised. The business delivered highest
to its strong fundamentals,
I
ever profits of 6.6K crore and a strong ROCE of 37.7%.
despite global headwinds.
Demand is expected to
Revenue rise, driven by higher fleet
utilisation, financial support
I
75,055 crore from rate cuts, lower crude
oil prices, and a renewed
focus on large-scale
infrastructure projects. At
Highest-ever profits (PBT BEI) the same time, we remain
I mindful of the potential
6,649 crore impact of new regulations
mandating truck cabin air
conditioning on vehicle
prices. We will continue to
closely monitor government
NPS
infrastructure spending
and growth across key
72
end-use segments. With an
expansive product portfolio,
smart digital solutions and
new nameplate launches
on the anvil, Tata Motors
Commercial Vehicles is
Annual volumes
well-positioned to leverage
market opportunities
3,84,704 units
and maintain its
growth trajectory.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
29 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Passenger
Vehicles
We are the third‑largest manufacturer in India’s rapidly growing
passenger vehicle market, offering vehicles that blend modern design,
advanced technology, and the highest safety standards. Our broad
portfolio, spanning multiple bodystyles and fuel types, caters to diverse
mobility needs, delivering seamless performance and satisfaction
throughout the ownership journey.
New launches
Curvv Nexon iCNG Tiago & Tigor 2025
Curvv is India’s first SUV Coupe Nexon iCNG is India’s first turbocharged Tiago & Tigor 2025 offer advanced
blending together premium coupe CNG, along with twin‑cylinder technology, refreshed design and
styling, futuristic features and technology which ensures no aesthetics, perfect for a modern
exhilarating performance. compromise on boot space. driving experience.
Harrier & Safari Stealth
Limited Stealth edition for Harrier &
Safari, celebrating 27 years of Safari and
redefining style with a luxurious matte
black finish.
80th Integrated Annual Report
30
2024-25

I
1,556 48
48,445
(#2 in India) (#2 in India)
crore
Revenue Sales Network in India NPS
6 #1 11
million Model in 2024 %
PVs sold since inception Tata Punch Share of Consolidated Revenue
Existing
product range
Tiago Tigor
Altroz Punch Nexon
Curvv Harrier Safari
Annual volumes
5,56,367 units
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
31 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

PV EV
Managing Director’s message
This year has also seen several
exciting product launches across
EV and ICE segments, reinforcing
our deep understanding of evolving
customer aspirations and our ability
to deliver differentiated mobility
experiences at scale.
Shailesh Chandra
Managing Director,
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited &
Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited
Dear Shareholders,
I hope this letter finds you in good At Tata Motors, we navigated this to achieve positive EBITDA, on the
health and spirits. evolving landscape with agility and back of a higher level of localisation,
determination while making steady aggressive cost reduction, and securing
FY25 proved to be a year of resilience progress on key strategic priorities, PLI benefits.
for the Indian passenger vehicle (PV) strengthening the foundation for
industry. After three consecutive years sustainable, long‑term growth. Despite Driving market agility with
of strong growth, the sector entered lower discretionary spending among innovation
a phase of consolidation, growing by a consumers, our vehicles continued to In a year marked by fluctuating
modest 2% with 4.3 million units sold. attract strong interest, underpinned by demand, our ‘demand pull strategy’
While demand for personal mobility a reputation for safety, innovation, and strongly focused on market
remained steady, macroeconomic design. Our customer‑first approach responsiveness for deeper engagement
headwinds and a high base effect enabled us to maintain leadership or with customers and channel partners.
contributed to a moderation in overall strong positions across key segments. We actively used Vahan registration
industry growth. data as a near real‑time indicator of
In FY25, the Tata Motors PV and EV retail performance to track regional
This moderate growth was fuelled businesses registered wholesales of trends to fine‑tune both our supply and
by the continued rising popularity of 5,56,367 units, including 64,269 units product mix as well as its availability.
SUVs — which accounted for 55% of of EVs with a revenue of I48,445 crore
total sales and a rapidly increasing and an EBIT of 0.9%. Amidst a We outpaced the overall SUV market
consumer preference toward challenging environment, the business with strategic launches and targeted
environmentally friendly powertrains. remained resilient, recording an product enhancements that resonated
Preference for emission‑friendly EBITDA % improvement of 40 bps strongly with our customers. Across
CNG vehicles surged by ~35%, and over FY24, enabled by holistic various segments of the industry,
Electric vehicles gained renewed cost‑reduction initiatives and tight Tata Punch emerged as the top choice
momentum, supported by a growing control over fixed costs. for private buyers and also ranked
number of industry players expanding as India’s No. 1 SUV in FY25. During
customer choices and reinforcing the In the EV segment, we became one the year, we successfully launched
EV ecosystem. of the few global manufacturers India’s first SUV Coupe under the new
80th Integrated Annual Report
32
2024-25

nameplate ‘Curvv’ and introduced the Accelerating EV adoption and we have developed a clear
country’s first turbocharged CNG in To build preference for EVs and upscale roadmap towards water neutrality
‘Nexon iCNG’. These products played the available charging infrastructure, and zero waste to landfill, reinforcing
a pivotal role in our growth in this we announced the next phase of our commitment to minimising our
fast‑expanding segment. Open Collaboration, introducing a ecological footprint. In parallel, we
comprehensive suite of services to advanced our circularity initiatives
Our multi‑powertrain strategy and build greater customer confidence through closed‑loop systems for key
strong commitment to sustainable and deliver seamless access to the materials and launched focused actions
mobility enabled us to increase the broader EV ecosystem. In line with to preserve biodiversity across our
share of CNG and electric vehicles to this commitment, we are rolling out operations and in India.
36% of our overall portfolio. In specific, hundreds of Tata.ev mega chargers
in the CNG segment, we outgrew the across the country, in collaboration Looking ahead
industry at 53% growth compared to with partners. We also inaugurated While FY25 presented challenges
FY24, with over 130 thousand CNG new Tata.ev stores in Kerala, furthering for the industry, the fundamental
vehicles sold. our mission to make electric mobility drivers for safe, smart, and
more accessible and sustainable. sustainable mobility remain strong.
Elevating customer affinity The forthcoming demerger will
We made customer service our Surpassing milestones be a significant milestone in our
foremost priority, with dedicated This year, we achieved two significant journey, unlocking enhanced focus,
efforts and focused initiatives milestones portraying the remarkable agility, and value creation across our
to elevate every aspect of the progress of both our PV and EV businesses. This strategic move will
ownership experience. In line with businesses over the years. The PV empower each entity to pursue its own
this commitment, we significantly business crossed 6 million cumulative growth trajectory, driven by greater
expanded our service network by sales, while the EV business surpassed customer orientation and innovation.
adding over 1,300 workshop bays and 2,00,000 cumulative sales. Our EVs Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles is
modernising facilities with advanced have collectively covered over 5 billion well‑positioned to capitalise on this
AI‑powered diagnostics and analytics kilometres, saving more than 7,00,000 shift, with a robust pipeline of exciting
— enabling faster, more precise service metric tonnes of CO₂ emissions — product launches across both EV and
delivery driving higher levels of trust, equivalent to the environmental ICE segments. Our future‑focused
convenience, and customer delight. impact of planting 30 million trees. portfolio, backed by a deep
We also continued to strengthen understanding of evolving customer
our presence across the country We ramped up production at our new needs, ensures we remain poised
through targeted marketing efforts facility in Sanand, and conducted to deliver differentiated mobility
and the strategic expansion of our groundbreaking for our new facility in experiences at scale.
retail footprint, adding 102 new sales Tamil Nadu, setting the stage for future
outlets to make customer engagement growth. As we scale, we continue to I remain confident in our ability to
even more seamless. The launch embrace higher levels of automation emerge stronger and deliver long‑term
of an all‑new mobile application and AI to drive efficiency, agility and value to all stakeholders. This confidence
further enriched the end‑to‑end progress toward a smarter, more is driven by the dedication, passion,
customer journey, offering enhanced future‑ready manufacturing footprint. and talent of our people, whose
convenience and connectivity. commitment is at the heart of our
Advancing our net zero vision success. I thank you for your continued
At the Bharat Mobility Global In line with our ambition to achieve trust, support, and belief in our journey.
Expo, we proudly showcased our Net Zero emissions by 2040, we
future‑ready mobility portfolio — made significant strides in reducing
spanning sustainable, connected, and Scope 1 and 2 emissions while Warm Regards,
intelligent solutions. This reaffirmed maintaining industry leadership in Shailesh Chandra
our leadership in redefining mobility in CAFE compliance, well above target
India and our commitment to deliver emissions. Over 47% of the electricity
experiences that resonate deeply with consumed at our PV and EV plants
evolving customer aspirations. is sourced from renewable sources,
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
33 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

PV
External
environment
Moderation in growth rates Sustained segmental shift Strong growth in CNG segment
After three years of robust post‑Covid towards SUVs The industry also saw strong
expansion, FY25 marked a phase In FY25, SUVs continued to be the momentum in fuel‑type transitions,
of growth moderation for the PV growth engine for the industry, with with CNG vehicles registering ~35%
industry, aligned with broader trends double‑digit growth for the segment, growth versus FY24. This has been
in domestic consumption. The industry pushing the salience to an all‑time high driven by rising personal segment
registered wholesales of 4.3 million of 55%. In contrast, hatchback and traction for CNGs due to expanding
units, reflecting a modest 2% growth sedan segments saw a steep decline CNG infrastructure, rising customer
over FY24. While OEMs maintained of 12‑13% over the previous year. This awareness and the introduction
a strong wholesale push, customer segmental shift has been driven by of models offering features and
demand remained subdued, leading evolving customer preference towards performance on par with other ICE
to a highly competitive, discount‑ larger, feature‑rich and practical counterparts. This surge has elevated
driven environment. SUVs, coupled with a strong pipeline CNG to the second‑largest fuel
of new launches concentrated in the category, accounting for more than
SUV segment. 18% of new PV sales.
80th Integrated Annual Report
34
2024-25

Strategic and
performance review
Outpacing industry in Strengthening Driving manufacturing
high-growth segments customer experience excellence
In FY25, we outpaced the industry in A key focus this year has been on We are advancing manufacturing
high‑growth segments, delivering an strengthening customer experience excellence through the modernisation
11% growth in the SUV segment. This across touchpoints through of our operations with Industry
has been driven by the strong demand comprehensive initiatives. These 4.0‑enabled shops, aimed at
for the Tata Punch, which became the include ramping up service capacity significantly enhancing efficiency,
highest‑selling model in the industry in with 1,300+ new bays across India, precision, and agility. A strong focus
CY24, along with the sustained demand modernising over 450 workshops, has been placed on improving product
for the Tata Nexon. The launch of leveraging AI and analytics for more quality and reliability by leveraging
India’s first SUV Coupe, the Tata Curvv, efficient vehicle diagnostics, enhanced digital and AI tools and revamped
further contributed to this momentum, technician training and optimisation processes and frameworks, which
receiving widespread appreciation of service logistics. We have also have especially strengthened our
from both the media and customers. revamped our roadside assistance software maturity. In parallel, we
Additionally, in the CNG segment, programme, including live tracking and have accelerated our cost reduction
we recorded a remarkable 53% y‑o‑y increased on‑site repairs to improve efforts through strategic sourcing
growth, bolstered by a robust twin‑ responsiveness and effectiveness. initiatives, increased localisation,
cylinder portfolio and the successful These combined actions have led to and innovative value‑engineering
launch of Nexon iCNG, aligned with an enhanced after‑sales experience, practices. As an additional step to
evolving customer preferences. leading to a significant increase in bolster our manufacturing capacity, we
positive mentions by customers. acquired a new facility in Panapakkam,
Tamil Nadu.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
35 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

PV
Financial and
operational metrics y‑o‑y increase
y‑o‑y decrease
Sales volume 3% Revenue 7.5% EBITDA margin 40 bps
Unit (Wholesale) I crore %
5,56,367 48,445 6.9
FY25 5,56,367 FY25 48,445 FY25 6.9
FY24 5,73,541 FY24 52,353 FY24 6.5
FY23 5,40,965 FY23 47,868 FY23 6.4
EBIT 110 bps PBT (BEI) 340 VAHAN market share 70 bps
% I crore %
0.9 1,083 13.2
FY25 0.9 FY25 1,083 FY25 13.2
FY24 2.0 FY24 1,423 FY24 13.9
FY23 1.0 FY23 736 FY23 13.5
Dealer network 107 Service workshops 95 NPS 0
Nos. Nos.
1,563 1,095 48
FY25 1,563 FY25 1,095 FY25 48
FY24 1,456 FY24 1,000 FY24 48
FY23 1,410 FY23 855 FY23 40
Petrol Diesel CNG EV
Powertrain mix 51% 13% 25% 11%
80th Integrated Annual Report
36
2024-25

Business performance overview
Tata Motors PV continues to deliver strong
Looking ahead, overall PV
performance on the back of a successful product lineup,
industry growth will be
strong brand pillars and a commitment to innovation that
influenced by macroeconomic
resonates with customers. factors including domestic
consumption trends, inflation,
infrastructure investments,
EBITDA (absolute/percentage) and global geopolitical
I developments. Industry
3,357 6.9 momentum will be driven by
crore %
innovations aligned to shifting
customer needs, with SUVs,
CNG and EV being the key
growth drivers. Tata Motors
#2 CNG player in the Industry
will aim for strong growth
in FY26, on the back of a
1,30,000
~ units strategically aligned portfolio
addressing diverse customer
needs across segments.
Industry-beating growth in
high-growth segments
11 53
% in SUV % in CNG
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
37 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Electric
Vehicles
We are the leader in India’s fast‑growing EV space, driving the shift
to sustainable mobility through focused investments and ecosystem
development. With a strong pipeline of innovative vehicles and
concepts, we’re shaping the country’s most advanced and eco‑friendly
personal mobility portfolio.
Curvv.ev Nexon.ev 45kWh & Tiago.ev 2025
Red Hot #Dark
Curvv.ev debuted as a bold and Tiago.ev 2025 combines a fresh new
futuristic EV, blending a striking coupe The game‑changing Nexon.ev was look along with modern features,
silhouette with cutting‑edge technology launched with a larger 45 kWh battery making it the ideal compact electric
and performance — marking a new era pack, faster charging and an all‑new vehicle for urban mobility.
in the Tata.ev portfolio. bold and premium Red Hot #Dark
edition to elevate the appeal.
80th Integrated Annual Report
38
2024-25

I
5 #1 6
8,187
bn+ km Player EV products
crore
Revenue driven by Tata.ev in Indian market Widest EV portfolio
Existing
product range
Tiago.ev Curvv.ev
Punch.ev Nexon.ev Xpres‑T
Annual volumes
64,269 units
Tata.evs sold since inception
2,00,000+ units
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
39 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

EV
External
environment
Renewed Momentum for EV Slowdown in fleet segment, Expanding charging
industry in H2 FY25 followed by recovery ecosystem
While the first half of FY25 saw The EV fleet segment experienced India’s EV charging infrastructure is
subdued EV demand due to negative a sharp 30% decline in registrations growing rapidly, with over 21,000
global sentiment and the expiry of in FY25, following the expiry of the public chargers now installed across
certain incentives, the second half FAME II incentive, which affected the country. A key highlight has been
of the year marked a strong revival. demand for fleets. There had also the widening of charging coverage
New product launches by major OEMs been a pre‑buying surge in March along national highways, significantly
and a growing charging network 2024, which triggered a subsequent enhancing customer confidence in
have renewed consumer interest and slowdown in purchases in the long‑distance and intercity travel.
confidence in EVs. These collective following months. This temporary This progress is being driven by
efforts have reinvigorated the EV dip impacted overall fleet demand government support and open
ecosystem, setting the stage for during the initial quarters. However, collaboration by Tata Motors.
sustained growth and reaffirming the signs of recovery have emerged in Q4
long‑term potential of electric mobility FY25, supported by improved market
in India. sentiment and growth in the employee
transportation segment.
80th Integrated Annual Report
40
2024-25

Strategic and
performance review
Ensuring India’s widest and Building a robust EV Leveraging localisation
most proven EV portfolio Charging Ecosystem through as a differentiator
Our core strength is having India’s collaboration Localisation remains a key
widest and most accessible EV We are actively shaping a strong and differentiator in our strategy, with
portfolio, spanning multiple body accessible EV ecosystem through open 75–80% localisation at Tier 1 level.
styles and price points — from I8 lakh collaboration with key stakeholders, This high degree of localisation
to I22 lakh. Our tried‑and‑tested EVs driving rapid charging infrastructure provides significant agility, cost
have collectively clocked over 5 billion growth across key hotspots advantages, and enhanced supply
kilometres on Indian roads, and are nationwide. This year, to enhance the chain resilience. Beyond operational
catering to a broad range of customer customer experience, we introduced benefits, it also contributes
needs and use cases. With the addition a unified charging aggregator app meaningfully to the long‑term growth
of the Curvv.ev this year and future‑ that simplifies access to public of India’s EV ecosystem. Our strong
ready models like the Sierra, Harrier, charging, and mitigates the need to localisation efforts have further
and AVINYA announced, our EVs have multiple apps. In the next phase enabled us to qualify for and secure
continue to set benchmarks in safety, of Open Collaboration for Charging, benefits under the Government of
technology, features, and design. we announced a comprehensive India’s Production Linked Incentive
suite of services for EV customers (PLI) scheme, which we will use to
In addition, our extensive EV network to enhance ownership experience fund our future investments into
has enabled us to attract a diverse including Tata.ev Verified chargers and sustainable mobility.
range of customers across multiple announced our commitment to deploy
geographies and has been a core pillar 500 Tata.ev Mega chargers to support
of our EV leadership. the segment’s next wave of growth.
Tata.ev Verified Chargers offer
customers enhanced peace of mind
during highway travel by ensuring
reliability and accessibility, while
the ongoing rollout of Tata.ev Mega
chargers strengthens long‑distance EV
ecosystem with faster, high‑capacity
charging solutions.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
41 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

EV
Financial and
operational metrics
y‑o‑y increase y‑o‑y decrease
Revenue 11.8% EBITDA margin 830 bps Public charging 11,677
I crore %
8,187 1.2% 21,742
FY25 8,187 FY25 1.2% FY25 21,742
FY24 9,285 FY24 ‑7.1% FY24 10,065
FY23 6,964 FY23 ‑4.9% FY23 5,314
CAFE compliance (Gap to target) 0 VAHAN market share 1,770 bps Sales touchpoints 150
Units (CO in g/km) % Nos.
2
24.6 55.4 1,114
FY25 24.6 FY25 55.4 FY25 1,114
FY24 24.6 FY24 73.1 FY24 964
FY23 12 FY23 83.9 FY23 713
Disclaimer: FY25 is based on TML estimates
80th Integrated Annual Report
42
2024-25

Business performance overview
Tata Motors EV continues to lead the Indian EV market with
Looking ahead, the FY26
majority market share, while also undertaking strong strides outlook for the EV industry
towards enhancing profitability. remains optimistic, driven by
strong participation across
OEMs, which will foster
EV market share greater consumer awareness
and accelerate charging
55 + infrastructure development.
%
A steady stream of new
product launches across
segments is expected in FY26,
which will broaden customer
choice, while ongoing
PLI disbursement claim
advancements in technology
I
and policy direction will
352 70
crore bps steadily reduce barriers to
adoption. Together, these
collective efforts are set
to drive an increase in
penetration of EVs in the
Indian auto landscape.
Charging infrastructure
*
21,742
*Only CCS2 and AC Type‑2 chargers
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
43 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Jaguar
Land Rover
JLR is a house of four distinct and engaging brands that enable our clients to live the
exceptional: Range Rover, Defender, Discovery and Jaguar. Our vision is to become the proud
creators of the world’s most desirable modern luxury brands for the most discerning clients.
Range Rover
The continued growth and success of the Range Rover brand i s
confirmed by growth in wholesales for Range Rover and Range
Ranger Rover Range Rover SV Rover Sport by 8.9% and 19.7%, respectively, with the brand
Sport Edition 2 Market Editions seeing some of the highest loyalty and client repurchase rates.
Range Rover took major strides towards launching its first
pure‑electric model with a waiting list at 59,867. Meanwhile ,our
engineers tested Range Rover Electric to the extremes, to ensure
it delivers as a true Range Rover experience.
Range Rover
Sport Celestial
Range Rover SV Bespoke
One‑of‑One
Discovery
This year, we celebrated 35 years of the iconic Discovery.
Over the years, Discovery has introduced new levels of luxury
and comfort, from leather interiors to Air Suspension as
standard and now, seamless connectivity for all three rows of
the family. For a decade, the Discovery Sport has maintained
a reputation for versatility, with seven stadium seats all
packaged in a footprint no larger than a five‑seat vehicle. More
recently, the Discovery Sport was updated with a minimalist
interior featuring the latest technology and connectivity, and
it was made available as a plug‑in hybrid, combining luxury,
adaptability and sustainability.
80th Integrated Annual Report
44
2024-25
notiidE
laicepS

4,00,898 £28,961 71
units million %
Volume Revenue Share of consolidated revenues
Defender
Defender continued its era of success in FY25 as one of our bestselling models. During the
year we launched the new Defender OCTA, the most powerful and dynamic Defender ever,
which was driven by global media for the first time to widespread acclaim. OCTA takes
Defender into new performance and luxury territory and attracted more than 3,000 orders
Defender Octa
just after launch.
Classic Defender V8 by
Works Bespoke
Defender Eivissa
Limited Edition
Jaguar
This year marked the beginning of Castle Bromwich’s new future, producing body panels for our next‑generation
electric vehicles and offering personalised paint options at new SV Bespoke paint facilities. This followed the
planned end of production for the current lineup of Jaguar XE, XF, F‑TYPE, E‑PACE and I‑PACE.
Jaguar took its first public steps into this reimagined
future with the unveiling of its new brand and the
exuberant Type 00 design vision concept
vehicle at Miami Art Week in December.
Both were bold and disruptive
moments that attracted the attention
of over a billion people around the
world, building excitement ahead
of the first new Jaguar model, to be
revealed later this year.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
45 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
notiidE
laicepS

JLR
CEO message
The robustness of JLR’s Reimagine strategy
was affirmed in FY25 as the company set
new records, delivered profit before tax of
£2.5 billion, versus £2.2 billion year‑on‑year,
and in April this year, we were proud of our
achievement becoming net cash positive.
Adrian Mardell
Chief Executive Officer,
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive PLC
Dear Shareholders,
wholesales, but we recovered strongly historic home, JLR’s Solihull plant,
This FY25, was the first test of JLR’s
in the second half of the financial year. is now ready to build pure‑electric
reestablished financial stability. In
The transition to electric vehicles also Range Rover models alongside internal
FY24, the company broke a series of
moved more slowly than expected, combustion and plug‑in electric hybrid
its financial records following a period
which will impact automotive siblings. This highlights the incredible
characterised by the global pandemic,
manufacturers facing tighter emissions versatility of our Modular Longitudinal
semiconductor shortages, inflation,
regulations. That we reached our net Architecture (MLA) on which Range
the energy crisis, and geopolitical
debt zero goal is testament to the Rover and Range Rover Sport are built,
instability.
quality and resilience of our business enabling us to offer powertrains that
Against this backdrop, the robustness and the skill of our people. match the demands of markets around
of JLR’s Reimagine strategy was the world.
In FY25, we also broke records,
affirmed in FY25 as the company set
achieving the highest ever quarter While our preparations to build electric
new records, delivered profit before
one and quarter three revenues in vehicles reached an advanced stage,
tax of £2.5 billion, versus £2.2 billion
JLR’s history, while we also delivered we also announced the expansion of
year‑on‑year, and we were proud
our highest quarter four and full our bespoke paint facilities in Nitra,
to confirm the achievement of our
year EBIT margin in a decade. These Slovakia and Castle Bromwich, UK,
strategic goals of 8.5% adjusted EBIT
highlights illustrate that, despite market to meet increasing client demand for
margin and becoming net cash positive.
challenges, our vehicles continue to personalisation across our brands. We
Achieving a net cash positive position be highly desirable to clients around have seen demand for our personalised
is a huge milestone for JLR; an the world. paint options on Range Rover models
ambition first stated at the launch of double in the last three years, as
FY25 was also a year of significant
our Reimagine strategy in February clients look to add their own touch
operational progress for our
2021. Having eliminated successfully to their luxury vehicles. To support
Reimagine strategy.
£5.0 billion of debt since the peak in our sustainability strategy, at Castle
August 2022, the company is now net As part of our £18 billion investment Bromwich we are installing the latest
debt free thanks to focused, prudent, over five years from, 2024 to 2028, energy efficient paint technology and
and strong financial discipline. we invested £500 million to transform filtration techniques to cut power and
our Halewood facility for the electric water use. We will also utilise fully
The business encountered headwinds
era, with considerable progress in automated spray robots which reduce
this year including a downturn in the
the construction of new facilities paint waste versus hand painting
Chinese economy, which impacted
for pure‑electric vehicle production methods. The new fully electric paint
our China volumes, and an aluminium
already completed. booth and electric curing ovens at
supply shortage in the second quarter.
Nitra meanwhile will help to reduce
The latter delayed deliveries of cars That news was followed by the
carbon emissions.
to clients and impacted quarterly announcement that Range Rover’s
80th Integrated Annual Report
46
2024-25

In addition, we made a significant a proud and historic moment for & Sustainability, who returned to his
technical breakthrough in the the company. home in Brazil to take up a new position
closed‑loop recycling of polyurethane at TCS Latam as Senior Advisor – New
And this year, we celebrated 35 years of
seat foam from our used vehicles Business & Sustainability Director,
the Discovery. The original team behind
by successfully reintegrating it back based in São Paulo. I would like to thank
Discovery were convinced that there
into the production of new seats, both Barbara and François sincerely for
was a gap in the market for a new kind
a first for the automotive industry. their incredible contributions to JLR.
of car for curious, active families who
We also joined forces with global
wanted to travel far and wide together. Finally, with profound sadness,
tyre manufacturer Pirelli, to use tyres
in early October we learned of
made with sustainably sourced natural Our cultural transformation continued
the passing of Mr. Ratan Tata. His
rubber across our brands. The tyres this year as we celebrated events
personal achievements and legacy
are certified by the Forest Stewardship including Black History Month, Diwali,
are unequalled in society, and the
Council (FSC), and JLR will be the first and Pride. We published our Diversity,
mark he leaves on our business and
to adopt FSC®‑certified rubber tyres at Equity and Inclusion Review which
brands is greater than that of any
scale, debuting on the new Range Rover noted that JLR has made great strides in
other individual.
Electric. The commitment will amount making its workplace more inclusive for
to over 2,50,000 FSC®‑certified tyres everyone, through training, coaching It was thanks to Mr. Tata’s singular
per year. and new policies to support colleagues vision that Tata acquired JLR in 2008,
with different challenges, such as and we owe everything we have
All these steps help ladder up to our
offering those experiencing symptoms become since then to his unwavering
aim of being carbon net zero by 2039.
of menopause the right to seek support support and dedication. He led us on
Meanwhile, our luxury brands Range at any time and from day one of their an extraordinary journey, inspiring
Rover, Defender, Discovery, and Jaguar employment. incredible new chapters in our history.
all had noteworthy years. Under his generous and trusting
At JLR, we remain committed to
guidance, we have felt deeply proud to
We further expanded our Range Rover building a workplace where every
be part of the Tata story.
model lineup with the launch of the colleague feels respected and valued.
new Range Rover Sport SV Edition Two, Why? Because it reflects the society Perpetuating the philanthropic story
a collection of five Range Rover Sport we live in and the clients we serve, of the Tata family, JLR this year created
SV Celestial models, alongside market‑ it delivers better business outcomes. the JLR Foundation, a charitable
specific Range Rover Bespoke editions We believe a workplace that is diverse, foundation dedicated to empowering
such as the Ranthambore in India and equitable and inclusive is right for children and young people to reach
the Candeo in the United States of JLR, as well as it being the right thing their full potential and catalyse positive
America. Development of the Range to do. We know our policies are the social and environmental change.
Rover Electric continued at pace with right ones for JLR because our eNPS JLR is committed to donating millions
the vehicle being tested on the frozen (employee Net Promotor Score) ‑ to the JLR Foundation, pledging up to
lakes of Sweden and the deserts of the a direct reflection of job satisfaction £2.5 million to support its charitable
United Arab Emirates. ‑ has risen significantly since we began work in the first year, with plans to
our transformation. More motivated, increase funding annually as the
And we launched the superlative
engaged colleagues deliver better Foundation grows.
Defender OCTA, the most powerful and
results for our clients.
dynamic Defender ever, to widespread This year has tested JLR, and we
acclaim from the world’s media when This year, it was with great pleasure have risen to the challenges. Despite
they test drove it in South Africa. that we strengthened the JLRL Board headwinds, we have again set new
with the appointments of Steve records and demonstrated our
It was a moment of huge personal
Marsh and Russell Leslie as Executive company’s underlying strength. This
pride and excitement to unveil the
Director Vehicle Programmes strong and consistent performance, the
beautiful Jaguar Type 00 design vision
and Executive Director Enterprise commitment of our people, partners
concept to an audience at Miami Art
Quality and Customer Satisfaction and clients and the appeal of our luxury
Week, in December. The breathtaking
respectively. We also welcomed three brands will support our response to
vision concept car drew the attention
new executives to the JLRL First Line current global economic challenges and
of almost a billion people around the
of Leadership with the appointments the evolving global trade environment.
world and was a bold step towards
of Swarna Ramanathan as Chief
Jaguar’s new future, returning it to the
Strategy Officer; Andrea Debbane as
luxury sector where it has thrived in the
Chief Sustainability Officer and John
past. I have a deep personal connection Warm Regards,
Beswick as Chief Transformation
with Jaguar where I began my career,
& Performance Officer. Adrian Mardell
and I cannot wait to reveal more about
the first car, an all‑electric four‑door We also said goodbye to two members
GT with around 1,000 horsepower. of my team this year: Executive Director
of Industrial Operations Barbara
Our Jaguar TCS Racing Formula E team
Bergmeier, as she took the decision
also returned the brand to success on
to return to her native Germany after
the racetrack, winning the 2024 ABB FIA
two incredible years transforming JLR’s
Formula E Teams’ World Championship,
industrial operations and; François
its first racing title since 1991 and
Dossa, Executive Director, Strategy
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
47 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

JLR
Reimagine
Reimagine is our strategy With sustainability at the heart of everything we do, we aim to achieve our goal of
being carbon net zero by 2039 by providing our clients with a pure‑electric variant
for transforming JLR into an
of all JLR brands by the end of the decade.
exceptional, progressive and
more sustainable business. Through Reimagine, we have delivered the highest full year profit in a decade and
have achieved our target of becoming net cash positive by FY25.’
As part of our strategy, we have created a house of four truly exceptional brands:
Range Rover, Defender, Discovery, and Jaguar, each with its own DNA, unique
interpretation and strategy to become a distinct, desirable and profitable brand.
Under this structure, we elevate the unique characteristics and status of each
individual British marque, creating an emotional connection with our clients, from
leading by example with Range Rover to embracing the impossible with Defender
and enjoying family adventures with Discovery.
This past year we launched the fearlessly creative Jaguar brand, truly a copy
of nothing.
We also opened the waiting list for our first pure‑electric car conceived under
the Reimagine strategy, Range Rover Electric, which now stands which now
exceeds 59,000.
The electric future of all our brands is fundamental in our journey to carbon net
zero, but it must be delivered at the pace at which different markets electrify
around the world. To do this, we have a flexible powertrain strategy enabling us to
offer internal combustion, plug‑in hybrid and full electric powertrains according to
the demands of individual markets. Our Modular Longitudinal Architecture (MLA),
on which Range Rover and Range Rover Sport are based, offers all three options
to clients.
Following on from the reveal of the Jaguar Type 00 design vision vehicle in
December 2024, we will reveal the first production all‑electric Jaguar on the
dedicated Jaguar Electrified Architecture (JEA) later this year, taking a step towards
all of our brands offering pure‑electric options by 2030.
Industrial transformation
Reimagine is also about transforming our facilities to deliver this electrified
future. We have completed the first test builds of Range Rover Electric in Solihull,
following a considerable investment to upgrade and digitise our production lines
ahead of client builds commencing. At Halewood, Merseyside, we are investing
£500 million to enable the parallel production of existing internal combustion and
plug‑in electric hybrid vehicles with next generation pure electric models built on
the Electrified Modular Architecture (EMA). Our Electric Propulsion Manufacturing
Centre in Wolverhampton, is now ready to produce battery packs and electric
drive units.
Beyond our products, Reimagine is committed to driving environmental,
human and community impact for a truly exceptional business. To do this, our
sustainability strategy is divided into three areas: Planet Regenerate, Engage for
Good and Responsible Business.
80th Integrated Annual Report
48
2024-25

Planet Regenerate is focused on Partnerships accelerating As the sole OEM investor in
environmental impacts and includes Reimagine CesiumAstro, ChipFlow, and ev.energy,
our climate commitments, circular A key element of Reimagine is about we are playing a leading role in the
economy strategy and emerging plans partnerships with leaders in their field. development and application of novel
on nature and biodiversity. We aim In a groundbreaking move in China, technologies with automotive and
to achieve net zero carbon emissions JLR is reviving the beloved Freelander cross‑industry use cases.
across our supply chain, products, and brand through a licensing agreement
operations by 2039, with all brands with Chery Jaguar Land Rover (CJLR). Our investment in CesiumAstro is
offering pure‑electric options by 2030. CJLR will launch a range of electric accelerating the development of
vehicles under the Freelander advanced in‑vehicle connectivity and
Engage for Good draws upon Tata name, initially in China, the world’s high‑performance communication
Group’s 150‑year tradition of social largest EV market, with potential for systems, a key enabler for both
responsibility and community global expansion. Software Defined Vehicle (SDV) and
support. Our goal is to set a standard future digital experiences for our
for creating meaningful human and Building on our successes in customers. Partnering with ChipFlow,
community impact, prioritising care motorsport, we announced our first we are supporting the evolution
for the environments and communities foray into Dakar, with Defender of open‑source semiconductor
where we operate with a focus on OCTA providing the platform for an design, fostering greater flexibility
supporting the most vulnerable extremely robust and durable rally and efficiency in automotive chip
and disadvantaged. specification Defender, which will development. Meanwhile, our
compete as part of a three‑year FIA collaboration with ev.energy is
Our Responsible Business pillar World Rally‑Raid Championship (W2RC) enabling smarter, grid‑responsive EV
includes our activity to address campaign beginning in 2026. charging solutions, reinforcing JLR’s
Environmental, Social & Governance commitment to sustainability and
(ESG) legislation, including developing Innovation and ventures intelligent energy management.
the right commitments, transparently Through our Open Innovation and
reporting progress and having effective Corporate Venture Capital activities, With Reimagine as our strategy,
risk management in place. we have established partnerships with we continue to transform our
a global community of cutting‑edge global business today for an
startups that are shaping the future exceptional, progressive and more
of mobility, sustainability and sustainable future.
industrial innovation.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
49 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

JLR
Operating
Challenges
environment
External challenges have
had varying levels of impact
on our business throughout
FY25. We have responded
to these challenges and
improved our performance
y‑o‑y. Our commitment to our
Reimagine strategy continues
as we transition to becoming
proud creators of the world’s
most desirable luxury brands
for the most discerning clients. Supply constraints China market conditions
The automotive industry is often The China market continued to face
impacted by supply constraints, headwinds throughout the year, as
and whilst the easing of the supply our locally produced cars operate in
constraints from prior years continued, a highly competitive environment,
our production volumes in the second and retailer insolvencies and credit
quarter of the year were impacted by availability impacted volumes.
a temporary supply disruption. We continue to offer retailer support
and focus on marketing and sales
During the summer of 2024 a Tier efforts through model mix optimisation
1 supplier of high‑grade aluminium to improve retailer profitability. At the
to the automotive sector suffered start of the year we announced the
flooding at its plant in Switzerland. news that the Freelander brand will
As a result, there was a short‑term create complementary growth in China
impact on our production and through a licensing agreement with our
consequently operating volumes in Q2; joint venture partner, Chery.
however, we recovered strongly in H2,
with minimal impact on our production Geopolitical
schedules and clients’ orders. Geopolitical challenges, including
increasing geopolitical tensions and
Rising costs regulatory and legislative changes,
In recent years, our marketing costs have global reach and can impact
have been lower than historical supply chains. While we have not
levels due to the business being observed any direct impacts on our
supply‑constrained. Our rich mix of business in the last year as a result of
Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, specific events, we proactively scenario
and Defender has enjoyed strong plan against a range of outcomes
demand throughout the year with to ensure we’re able to effectively
minimal levels of variable marketing respond as a business. In addition, we
expense, although we are now seeing are closely monitoring trade measures
an increase in these costs across our of the new administration in the US
product portfolio. We will continue and evaluating the impact of the global
to maintain a demand‑led model, tariff environments.’
but fixed marketing investment
and variable marketing expenses
are expected to continue to rise in
response to tougher market conditions.
80th Integrated Annual Report
50
2024-25

Opportunities
Transition to electrification and global consumers with a unique Strong Leadership and
Jaguar has been reimagined as an electric vehicle experience. utilisation of the Tata
all‑electric luxury brand embodied Ecosystem
by its Type 00 design vision concept, Our shift to electrification is central Throughout the year, we have
which debuted at Miami Art Week in to transforming our business and to strengthened our leadership
December 2024. The first reimagined achieving carbon net zero by 2039. team to support the next phase
production car will be the most We aim to offer electric versions of all of our Reimagine transformation.
powerful Jaguar ever, with a range of of our brands by the end of the decade. Our empowering leadership drives
c. 700 kilometres. our commitment to quality decision‑
Execution of Reimagine making and strategic success.
The Range Rover Electric has During the year, we announced a £500
undergone rigorous testing in the million investment to transform our Also, our partnerships with
year and nears its testing completion historic Halewood facility to support Tata Group strengthened as we
programme prior to its launch later this the parallel production of electric continue to leverage synergies
year. The vehicle’s capabilities surpass vehicles, alongside existing combustion within the Tata Ecosystem. In Q3,
any other luxury electric SUV, and over and hybrid models, before eventually we announced our plan to partner
59,867 clients signed up to the waiting becoming our first all‑electric with Tata Communications (TCL),
list as at 31 March 2025. production facility. This is part of an using its MOVE™ platform on our
£18 billion investment as we transition next‑generation vehicles to enable
JLR and Chery are forging an innovative to our luxury electric‑first future. continuous connectivity in the
collaboration model that epitomises remotest locations from 2026.
our growth path for the future through In addition, we invested £65 million
the licensing of Freelander. The blend in the expansion of paint facilities to
of Chery’s advanced EV technology meet increasing client demand for
with the distinctive appeal of the bespoke vehicle personalisation across
Freelander brand will provide China our brands.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
51 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

JLR
Financial and
operational metrics y‑o‑y increase
y‑o‑y decrease
Sales volume 0.1% Revenue 0.1% EBITDA margin 160 bps
(excl. CJLR) Unit (Wholesale) (£ million) (%)
4,00,898 28,961 14.3
FY25 4,00,898 FY25 28,961 FY25 14.3
FY24 4,01,303 FY24 28,995 FY24 15.9
FY23 3,21,362 FY23 22,809 FY23 11.6
EBIT 0 bps PBT (BEI) 324 Free cash flow 791
(%) (£ million) (£ million)
8.5 2,489 1,478
FY25 8.5 FY25 2,489 FY25 1,478
FY24 8.5 FY24 2,165 FY24 2,269
FY23 2.4 FY23 (64) FY23 521
(%) MHEV BEV+PHEV ICE
JLR Powertrain mix (retail) 62% 17% 21%
(Wholesale) (%) Range Rover Defender Discovery Jaguar
Volumes mix 56% 29% 8% 7%
80th Integrated Annual Report
52
2024-25

Business performance overview
FY25 proved the strength of our Reimagine strategy as the
Company withstood headwinds to deliver profit before tax Our priority is to ensure we
deliver for our global clients
of £2.5 billion versus £2.2 billion in the prior year, and achieve
and protect EBIT through the
our financial goals of an 8.5% adjusted EBIT margin and a
delivery of transformation
positive net cash position. We continued to transform our and efficiency initiatives.
facilities for electrification; unveiled the reimagined Jaguar Looking ahead, we expect
investment spending to
brand; concluded the final stages of Range Rover Electric
remain at £18 billion over
testing; and established the JLR Foundation to empower
a five-year period and will
children and young people to reach their potential. be funded by operational
cash flows. We continue
Full-year EBIT margin Net cash to evaluate the impact of
global challenges.
8.5% 278
£ million
Achieved investment
grade credit rating with S&P
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
53 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Bharat Mobility Global Expo 2025
Tata Motors unveiled a comprehensive and forward‑looking vision for the
future of mobility across both passenger and commercial vehicle segments at
the Expo. In the Passenger and Electric Passenger Vehicles space, we presented
our ‘Future of Mobility’ portfolio, featuring the greenest, smartest, and
most advanced solutions — ranging from next‑generation EVs to intelligent,
customer‑centric innovations that seamlessly integrate sustainability and
cutting‑edge technology.
PV EV
Journey to a
boundless future
Harrier.ev Avinya X
Most powerful and technologically A bold leap into the future of luxury
advanced SUV from Tata Motors mobility, building on Avinya’s
with nation‑first ‘remote commitment to sustainability,
summon’ technology innovation, and well‑being
Curvv and Curvv.ev Punch Flex Fuel Tiago and Tiago.ev
Offers a revolutionary design and Highlighting our commitment to With reimagined styling, advanced tech,
sophistication with cutting‑edge innovation and sustainability, Punch and premium interiors, the Tiago 2025 is
features in our latest nameplate launch Flex Fuel expands the range of options perfect for all journeys
on the #1 model in 2024
All New Tata Sierra Stealth Range Bandipur Range
Return of a Legend – Tata Sierra has Exclusive line of SUVs in a striking matte Celebrating India’s iconic National Park,
been reimagined for a new era, ready to black colour – blending boldness with embodying exploration and nature, with
inspire and lead once again refined sophistication and regality SUVs designed for adventurers seeking
extraordinary journeys
80th Integrated Annual Report
54
2024-25

Our Commercial Vehicles business introduced the new mantra of ‘Better Always’,
underscoring our commitment to driving progress for our customers and the
nation. We showcased 14 smart commercial vehicles equipped with ADAS, six
intelligent digital solutions delivering real‑time performance insights, and four
advanced aggregates, highlighting our focus on safety, efficiency, and innovation
across every aspect of mobility.
CV
Better
Intra EV Pickup Ace Flex‑fuel Prima 35.K Auto Shift
always
India’s most advanced electric A new powertrain option Ideal solution for deep
pickup for diverse applications added to the ever‑popular mining, featuring world‑class
Ace range drivetrain technology
Intercity EV 2.0 Ultra E.12 Ultra EV 9
Redefines long‑distance travel with Emission‑free, smart, and seamless The future of sustainable
a new‑gen modular architecture urban freight solution urban mobility
Prima H.28 Magna Coach Azura T.19
Indigenously developed H2 ICE Connecting the country with Powered by biodiesel with a future‑
truck with a range of ~550km unmatched comfort and performance ready design and all‑new architecture
Ace Pro Prima G.55S Prima E.55S Yodha CNG RMC
All‑new platform for India’s first LNG prime mover Battery electric prime mover Unique, versatile and eco‑
profitable and sustainable with an unmatched range of to decarbonise logistics friendly solution for the
last‑mile operations up to 2400 km operations across sectors infrastructure sector
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
55 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Technology and
innovation
80th Integrated Annual Report
56
2024-25
sevitaitinI
puorG

Recent advancements in Artificial Intelligence (AI) over the
past two to three years have revolutionised the technology
landscape. Generative AI is emerging as a transformative
force and is fundamentally different from the previous waves
of technology disruption.
AI will have a transformative impact on every business, both
B2C and B2B, in more ways than one. There is tremendous
opportunity across our group companies to enhance
customer experiences, reimagine manufacturing processes,
innovate product design and engineering, and improve
employee engagement with an AI‑driven approach.
Recognising the critical role of data
in scaling AI initiatives, we are driving
data maturity across Group Companies
through a comprehensive data excellence
framework. Companies are setting up
Centres of Excellence (CoEs) to identify and
implement impactful AI projects and build
tech talent.
Our investments in Cloud, Data and Digital provide a strong
foundation for our AI journey. At Tata Group, we continue
to strengthen partnerships with leading technology firms
and research institutes to access the latest AI developments.
Given the rapid pace of change in AI technologies, we
continue to upskill our workforce and build vibrant
communities for learning and sharing.
With the evolving threat landscape, cybersecurity remains
a top priority. Tata Group companies are making significant
investments in advanced cybersecurity technologies and
workforce training to safeguard against evolving cyber risks.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
57 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Technology and innovation
Driving a customer‑first transformation while modernising Enterprise Digital
Capabilities were the focal points of the year gone by. Technology and innovation
will power a future‑ready enterprise that is efficient, intelligent, and deeply
customer‑centric.
Customer experience:
personalised, predictive, and
connected
Customer‑centricity remains at the
heart of Tata Motors’ innovation
journey. Through the deployment
of intelligent digital solutions, we
are enhancing vehicle ownership
experience from pre‑purchase
engagement to post‑sale service.
Generative AI‑powered solutions
were deployed to enrich customer
experience. An advanced email
responder was introduced to manage
new customer complaint emails,
generating over 22,000 personalised,
policy‑compliant responses. Trained on
historical interactions and enterprise
knowledge, the system reduced
average response time from ~3 hours
to under 5 minutes – ensuring real‑time
resolution, enhanced consistency, and
launch in August 2024, this innovation Management System — has digitised
service excellence at scale. Another
was instrumental in improving last‑mile vehicle deliveries. This has
Gen AI solution delivered real‑time,
consumer trust, reducing range enhanced transparency, enabled
policy‑compliant responses to investor
anxiety, and accelerating EV adoption. real‑time tracking, and eliminated
queries during the sensitive Tata
manual reconciliation, ensuring
Technologies IPO window and during
To boost charging infrastructure, a seamless handover experience
the conversion of TML DVR shares.
we operationalised an AI‑based for customers.
Geo‑Spatial Analytics model to
Focused enhancements in service
optimise fast‑charger deployment. We reached 1 million Connected
quality and customer support,
Factoring in traffic density, usage Commercial vehicles during the year.
achieved a 25% reduction in customer
patterns, and infrastructure gaps, This expanding ecosystem enables
service station revisits and a 15%
the tool facilitated a 10% increase us to deliver personalised contextual
decline in complaints per thousand
in fast charging network coverage recommendations, over‑the‑air
vehicles – reinforcing our drive
year‑over‑year. As of FY25, 85% of updates, and intelligent alerts for
towards service excellence and
national highways and 73% of state predictive maintenance, besides
customer delight.
highways are now within 50 km of a usage‑based promotions, enriching
fast charger, while metro cities offer the ownership journey and fostering
A first‑in‑industry C75 drive cycle was
a charging station every 5–7 km, brand affinity.
introduced for EV range prediction.
improving EV convenience.
Built on synthesised data from 4 billion
Through these initiatives,
kilometres of actual EV usage and
In our vehicle logistics operations Tata Motors is driving the transition
calibrated to individual driving styles
spanning 400+ dealers across to experience‑led mobility, merging
and terrain conditions, it delivered
India, a mobile‑first Proof of technological innovation with
highly accurate range estimates.
Delivery solution‑integrated with human‑centred design to create
Introduced as part of our Curvv.ev
our Transporter Portal and Dealer enduring customer value.
80th Integrated Annual Report
58
2024-25

Tata Motors’ continues enduring commitment to future‑readiness by embedding AI, data
science, and automation into the heart of our operations, we are creating a more agile,
resilient, and value‑driven enterprise one that is equipped to lead the mobility revolution
in an increasingly AI driven world.
Data & AI: Driving an
intelligent, agile enterprise
FY25 was a year of creating a strong
enterprise Infrastructure & Data fabric
to scale the deployment of AI across
critical business functions, enabling
real‑time insights, automation,
and agility.
A hybrid private cloud with advanced
voice analytics emerged as a powerful
agent for sales conversion. Processing
over 1,50,000 recorded conversations
in multiple languages, our AI engine
categorised leads based on intent
and sentiment. More than 55,000
high‑potential leads were surfaced Software defined In our Paint shops, a dynamic AI‑based
and prioritised, significantly improving manufacturing: building time prediction model has optimised
sales response times and boosting intelligent, sustainable plants oven startup durations based on daily
conversion efficiency. Tata Motors is reimagining load profiles. Besides yielding 7%
manufacturing with a focus on digital energy savings, it reduced operating
In engineering, AI transformed orchestration, intelligent automation, costs besides contributing to our
traditional product development. and sustainable efficiency. In FY25, sustainability targets.
Predictive models simulate real‑world we expanded the adoption of
vehicle behaviour, enabling us to Industry 4.0 technologies across our Our digital supply chain ecosystem now
optimise powertrain configurations, production facilities. The commercial connects more than 2,000 suppliers
improve fuel efficiency, and accelerate vehicle business unit has initiated across five manufacturing locations.
design validation. These simulations adoption of SAP S/4HANA to establish AI‑powered forecasting tools and
have reduced reliance on physical a future‑ready, digitally native performance dashboards ensure
testing, delivering substantial time ERP platform. real‑time material visibility and smart
and cost savings while enhancing inventory planning. Digitisation of 15
engineering precision. Advanced computer vision and warehouses and over 100 line‑side
machine learning systems are deployed marts supports Just‑in‑Time (JIT)
Our N=1 pricing strategies, dynamically on the shop floor to proactively and Just‑in‑Sequence (JIS) inventory
tailored discounts and incentives based identify quality deviations across management, improving throughput
on customer behaviour and market painting, casting, and assembly and reducing working capital.
context to enhance competitiveness, processes. Predictive analytics tools A mobile‑based Digital Control Tower
enable sales conversions and monitor sealant gaps, paint thickness, with real‑time visibility of production
improve realisation. and structural welds, ensuring superior KPIs enables faster decisions.
first‑time‑right outcomes.
Together, these initiatives reflect Through the convergence of
our commitment to embedding Safety has been bolstered through automation, AI, and digital
data intelligence into the core of real‑time video analytics that detect systems, Tata Motors is
our decision‑making processes. PPE non‑compliance, restricted shaping the next generation of
By transforming data into actionable zone access, and operator fatigue. manufacturing‑sustainable, adaptive
insight, Tata Motors is building a These AI‑led interventions have and digitally enabled.
responsive, agile enterprise equipped
strengthened shopfloor safety
for dynamic market environments. governance across all plants.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
59 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

R&D and innovation
In FY25, our India business received 68 patents and 148 design applications,
while Jaguar Land Rover secured 440 patents and 290 design applications.
To achieve world‑renowned levels of luxury, safety, vehicle dynamics and
quality, we blend rigorous real‑world testing with a range of virtual tests at
both component and complete test vehicle levels. Our cutting‑edge R&D
facilities consistently pioneer innovative mobility solutions, developing a
range of alternative fuel technologies, from battery‑electric to CNG, LNG,
Hydrogen Fuel Cell and hydrogen‑based ICE technologies.
CV CV PV
Technology Country’s first Industry-leading
and product hydrogen truck innovation
development with a in powertrains
sustainability focus
TML is accelerating its commitment Under the aegis of the Ministry of Pushing the boundaries of innovation
to sustainable mobility by focusing on New and Renewable Energy and in in the powertrain capabilities, TML
the electrification of heavy vehicles collaboration with strategic partners, indigenously developed the Gasoline
and the adoption of alternative fuel TML has taken a significant step in Direct Injection (GDI) engine, named
technologies. The Company has assessing the commercial viability of Hyperion. Introduced on the Curvv,
actively integrated natural gas and using the country’s first hydrogen‑ the Hyperion GDI combines high
biofuel solutions across its product powered vehicles for long‑distance performance, improved fuel efficiency
range to reduce carbon emissions. haulage as well as setting up the and refined drivability — offering
In addition to pure battery‑electric requisite enabling infrastructure for customers a more enjoyable and
vehicles, TML is making significant their seamless operation. The trial powerful driving experience. Further
progress in Hydrogen powered fuel‑ phase spanning up to two years, transforming the CNG segment,
cell electric technology, with fifteen involves the development and TML launched the first‑in‑industry
buses already operating in Delhi deployment of sixteen advanced turbocharged CNG engine on the
as part of a tender fulfilment from hydrogen‑powered vehicles with Nexon CNG. This breakthrough brings
Indian Oil Corporation. A substantial varying configurations and payload together the lower running costs of
portion of investment is also being capacities. These vehicles, equipped CNG with the performance of a turbo
directed towards Hydrogen Internal with new‑age Hydrogen Internal engine, addressing a long‑standing
Combustion Engine (ICE) technology, Combustion Engines (H2‑ICE) and customer need for power in a CNG
with dedicated facilities for ensuring Fuel Cell (H2‑FCEV) technologies, car without compromise. These
cutting‑edge advancements in will be evaluated on India’s most innovations reflect TML’s commitment
hydrogen‑powered mobility. prominent freight routes, including to delivering advanced, practical
those around Mumbai, Pune, Delhi‑ solutions that enhance everyday
NCR, Surat, Vadodara, Jamshedpur and mobility for Indian consumers.
Kalinganagar.
80th Integrated Annual Report
60
2024-25

Hydrogen engine test cell
EV JLR JLR
Future-ready Supply chain Global innovation
EVs to drive innovation hub network
electrification
As a leader in India’s EV landscape, Collaboration with world‑class To accelerate JLR’s prowess in the areas
our commitment to innovation is academic institutions is key to JLR’s of Electrification, Connectivity, Digital
anchored in building future‑ready Reimagine strategy. Services, Metaverse, Industry 4.0,
EVs that redefine performance, Talent and Sustainability, the Company
safety, and user experience. Central In FY25, the Company launched its has built an evolving network of
to this has been our ground‑up, pure new Supply Chain Innovation Hub interdependent technology hubs.
EV architecture – Acti.ev – which in partnership with the Warwick
underpins vehicles like the Curvv.ev. Manufacturing Group (WMG). This financial year, the Company set
Leveraging the Acti.ev architecture, Located within the state‑of‑the‑art up its new Open Innovation Hub in
we have been able to deliver a 500 km+ facility at the National Automotive Bangalore, India, to deliver deep
range, faster charging speeds at 1.2C, Innovation Centre (NAIC) in Warwick, tech innovations to support JLR’s
stronger performance, and greater the Hub serves as a ‘Living Lab’ test Reimagine strategy.
space efficiency through features like environment to prove innovative AI
the frunk. We have also pioneered and data‑driven supply chain solutions The hub, located near JLR’s local
industry‑first features such as Acoustic to enhance resilience and sustainability engineering teams, will connect
Vehicle Alerting System (AVAS) and in an ever‑increasing complex world. India’s bright startup ecosystem with
integrated charging aggregator apps, JLR’s global engineering workforce to
which help enhance the EV ownership By combining JLR’s expertise with find new technological, engineering
experience. Collectively, our innovation WMG’s groundbreaking research and sustainability solutions for
in EVs has been a bold step forward teams, they aim to push boundaries the Company.
in our vision of delivering innovative, and set new standards in the
desirable, and sustainable mobility automotive industry. Working with its corporate innovation
solutions to Indian customers. partner, Plug and Play, as well as,
academia, industry and government,
the hub will develop industry‑leading
solutions, such as advancements in
ADAS and electric vehicle charging.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
61 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Stakeholder engagement
Through our continued interaction with our diverse stakeholders, we understand their needs
and concerns, which helps us manage our risks, drive innovation, build relationships, and
navigate the complexities of a rapidly evolving industry landscape.
Employees Customers Regulators/ Suppliers/
Government Service providers
Our key assets, Customer engagement
shaping the is crucial for driving Governments and An efficient and resilient supply
culture within innovation, product regulatory authorities chain allows us to create cost-
our organisation enhancement, establish and enforce effective, innovative products,
quality improvement, laws, regulations, and enhance service efficiency,
and delivering policies that govern and maintain sustainable
outstanding service our business activities operations consistently
• Team touch points • Customer meets • Strategic representation • Vendor association in product design • Various community • Interactions at regular intervals • Dealer meetings • Collective need‑based
• Skip level meetings • Feedback calls and meetings with and development engagement activities • Press releases • Visits engagements for mutually
• Quarterly town halls • Home visits government agencies • Structured engagement through • Emergency/disaster • Audits beneficial projects
• Rewards and • Social media • Representation through annual supplier Conferences, zonal relief activities • Dealer council • Case‑based meetings
recognition platform trade bodies meets and supplier council meets • Celebration and participation • Joint programmes and
• Culture survey and • Periodic interactions to drive ongoing in local events sustainability initiatives
pulse survey product improvements • Need‑based surveys
• Round table with • Organise supplier technology days to
senior leadership align supplier technologies that can be
• Ask Me Anything forums deployed in Tata Motors products
• Learning and development • Quality and safety • Obtaining permissions/ • Inventory planning • Health – Combat malnutrition • Marketing communication • Financing opportunities • Ensuring technical alignment
technical and • After‑sales servicing licenses/ clarifications/ • Quality compliance and address other • Constant liaising • Knowledge transfer with customer requirement
functional knowhow • Pricing waivers/ business • Closer engagement and exchange of health concerns • Complaint resolution and regulatory needs
• A strong organisational culture • Complaint resolution development approvals/ technology transfer on quality, safety • Education – Bridge learning • Digitalisation and improving • Product and process innovation
• Leadership development vendor and logistical and sustainability gaps, enhance skills, and boost CRM system to ensure resource efficiency
• Grievance redressal support/ recoveries as per employability, especially and sustainability
• CESS capability group requirement among school dropouts • Product development and
• Union engagement • Environment – Foster capex management
• Occupational health and safety environmental awareness,
promote tree planting
initiatives, and provide disaster
relief during crises
• Transparent job postings • Innovative vehicle designs • Compliance with laws, • Fair and transparent • Education and skill • Effective communication • Increased revenue • Collaborative research
through Career Xplore – meeting diverse needs regulations, and policies procurement processes development initiatives of Company initiatives opportunities through vehicle and development projects
IJP programme • Enhanced product quality • Contribution to economic • Timely payments enhancing employability and achievements sales and service contracts advancing industry knowledge
• Exposure opportunities and reliability growth and employment • Collaboration opportunities for • Environmental conservation • Crisis management and timely • Business growth through • Talent pipeline development
through GEMS programme • Improved after‑sales • Investment in research mutual growth efforts promoting response to media inquiries dealership expansions and through internships and
• Accolades – launch of Rewards service experience and development • Support for supplier development and sustainable living • Strategic partnerships with service centre networks educational partnerships
and Recognition programme • Quick solutions of issues for innovation capacity building • Health and wellness media outlets for promotional • Technical and operational • Access to cutting‑edge
• Inner Circle – leadership raised by customers programmes fostering activities support ensuring efficient technologies and expertise
development programme well‑being service delivery for innovation
• Driving culture of self‑directed • Training and development • Joint certification and
teams at shop floor programmes improving accreditation programmes
• Focused efforts on Industry 4.0 staff expertise and enhancing skill standards
and CESS initiatives customer satisfaction
• Access to innovative tools
and technologies for
streamlined operations
80th Integrated Annual Report
62
2024-25
sredlohekatS
tnemegagne
fo
slennahC
setiiroirp
yeK
detaerc
eulaV

Communities Media Dealers and Expert/Academic and
service centres research institutions
Enhance local quality of Media updates are
life through responsible useful for disseminating They contribute to market They contribute to market
corporate citisenship, brand information to share growth and share growth and
fostering relationships, stakeholders, helping enhance customer enhance customer
strengthening business ties, solicit stakeholders’ trust experience through experience through
and advocating for inclusive effective sales effective sales
development of the society and service delivery and service delivery
• Team touch points • Customer meets • Strategic representation • Vendor association in product design • Various community • Interactions at regular intervals • Dealer meetings • Collective need‑based
• Skip level meetings • Feedback calls and meetings with and development engagement activities • Press releases • Visits engagements for mutually
• Quarterly town halls • Home visits government agencies • Structured engagement through • Emergency/disaster • Audits beneficial projects
• Rewards and • Social media • Representation through annual supplier Conferences, zonal relief activities • Dealer council • Case‑based meetings
recognition platform trade bodies meets and supplier council meets • Celebration and participation • Joint programmes and
• Culture survey and • Periodic interactions to drive ongoing in local events sustainability initiatives
pulse survey product improvements • Need‑based surveys
• Round table with • Organise supplier technology days to
senior leadership align supplier technologies that can be
• Ask Me Anything forums deployed in Tata Motors products
• Learning and development • Quality and safety • Obtaining permissions/ • Inventory planning • Health – Combat malnutrition • Marketing communication • Financing opportunities • Ensuring technical alignment
technical and • After‑sales servicing licenses/ clarifications/ • Quality compliance and address other • Constant liaising • Knowledge transfer with customer requirement
functional knowhow • Pricing waivers/ business • Closer engagement and exchange of health concerns • Complaint resolution and regulatory needs
• A strong organisational culture • Complaint resolution development approvals/ technology transfer on quality, safety • Education – Bridge learning • Digitalisation and improving • Product and process innovation
• Leadership development vendor and logistical and sustainability gaps, enhance skills, and boost CRM system to ensure resource efficiency
• Grievance redressal support/ recoveries as per employability, especially and sustainability
• CESS capability group requirement among school dropouts • Product development and
• Union engagement • Environment – Foster capex management
• Occupational health and safety environmental awareness,
promote tree planting
initiatives, and provide disaster
relief during crises
• Transparent job postings • Innovative vehicle designs • Compliance with laws, • Fair and transparent • Education and skill • Effective communication • Increased revenue • Collaborative research
through Career Xplore – meeting diverse needs regulations, and policies procurement processes development initiatives of Company initiatives opportunities through vehicle and development projects
IJP programme • Enhanced product quality • Contribution to economic • Timely payments enhancing employability and achievements sales and service contracts advancing industry knowledge
• Exposure opportunities and reliability growth and employment • Collaboration opportunities for • Environmental conservation • Crisis management and timely • Business growth through • Talent pipeline development
through GEMS programme • Improved after‑sales • Investment in research mutual growth efforts promoting response to media inquiries dealership expansions and through internships and
• Accolades – launch of Rewards service experience and development • Support for supplier development and sustainable living • Strategic partnerships with service centre networks educational partnerships
and Recognition programme • Quick solutions of issues for innovation capacity building • Health and wellness media outlets for promotional • Technical and operational • Access to cutting‑edge
• Inner Circle – leadership raised by customers programmes fostering activities support ensuring efficient technologies and expertise
development programme well‑being service delivery for innovation
• Driving culture of self‑directed • Training and development • Joint certification and
teams at shop floor programmes improving accreditation programmes
• Focused efforts on Industry 4.0 staff expertise and enhancing skill standards
and CESS initiatives customer satisfaction
• Access to innovative tools
and technologies for
streamlined operations
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
63 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Investor and shareholder centricity
Tata Motors considers its investors and shareholders as an integral part of its business
eco‑system. Our continuous communication with the shareholders keeps them abreast of
not only the financial performance and business operations of the Company but also the
regulatory requirements concerning them from time to time. Shareholders are encouraged to
express their concerns, queries, complaints, if any, and are provided with the resolutions /
redressal thereof within a reasonable time. We value the feedback of our investors and
shareholders to continuously improve our disclosures norms and transparency on financial
and non‑financial parameters.
Technological Investor/
Proactive
interface to shareholder
modes of
strengthen investor friendly
engagement
support approach
• Quarterly investor calls and • Developed AI‑powered BOT to • Dedicated personalised
analysts meet address voluminous enquiries assistance on service requests
• Annual Investor Day from investors and shareholders • Timely dissemination of
• Communication on during corporate actions as well information on various
KYC compliances as shareholders’ meetings forums, e.g., stock exchanges,
• RTA‑hosted web‑based platform depositories, Company’s website
• Encouraging conversion of
SWAYAM provides a secure and and RTA website
physical shares into demat
intuitive portal offering a range www.in.mpms.mufg.com
• Extensive disclosure on the of investor services • Assisting shareholders, including
Company’s website
• RTA‑hosted web‑based platform senior citizens in reclaiming
www.tatamotors.com
iDIA, provides an AI‑powered shares/dividend from IEPFA by
chatbot designed to provide filing entitlement letters and
real‑time responses to e‑verification reports
investor queries • Providing dedicated
• Timely response for redressal of email addresses:
queries/requests registered on ‑ Complaints/ queries:
SEBI SCORES and ODR platform inv_rel@tatamotors.com
‑ IEPF:
nodalofficer.iepf@tatamotors.com
‑ Institutional queries:
ir_tml@tatamotors.com
• Despatch of dividend and TDS
certificates well within statutory
time limits
80th Integrated Annual Report
64
2024-25

Key priorities
KYC Outstanding unclaimed/unpaid
Physical shareholders are mandatorily dividends
required to update their KYC viz. PAN, Reminder letters are posted to the
address, contact details, specimen shareholder encouraging them to claim
signatures, in prescribed forms and their outstanding dividends from the
with supporting documents, before Company. Revalidate and reissue stale
commencing any service request. dividend warrant on receipt of request
Post updating the KYC all outstanding from shareholders.
dividends are released directly into the
bank account electronically.
Dematerialisation IEPF documentation
Issue of physical share certificate has and process
been repelled by SEBI and hence, The shareholders, whose shares and
the Company encourages its physical dividend amounts are transferred
shareholders to dematerialise their to IEPF Authority, should submit
holding in the Company. the perquisite documents with the
Company/it’s RTA to obtain the
Entitlement Letter. File form IEPF‑5
on the MCA portal, to enable the
Company submit the E‑Verification
Report with IEPF Authority. The
Company assists the shareholders
through the reclaim process.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
65 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
Materiality assessment
At Tata Motors, we acknowledge the role of materiality assessments in ensuring
that our ESG efforts remain relevant, strategic, and impactful. This year marks a
significant milestone for TML, as we have broadened our approach to materiality
assessments by incorporating the concept of double materiality for the first time.
The double materiality assessment (DMA) has helped us determine which sustainability issues are most
important to the organisation and its stakeholders. It involves evaluating the organisation’s impact on
environmental and social factors (inside‑out perspective) and examining how these factors affect the
organisation (outside‑in perspective). This dual approach helps the Company identify and prioritise ESG
issues that are both financially important and socially significant, promoting the comprehensive integration of
sustainability into its core strategy. We plan to conduct similar assessments every two years, taking emerging
sustainability issues, global events and other trends into consideration.
Identification
TML identified relevant ESG material topics, through stakeholder
consultations, evaluation of ESG frameworks, and an assessment
Step 1
of the maturity of the organisation’s current practices.
For each identified topic, the related impacts, risks, and opportunities
Step 2
(IROs) were developed across TML’s value chain, informed by research
on past events and forecasts made by think tanks and academia.
Assessment
An impact and financial assessment was conducted for each IRO, following
Step 3 the Double Materiality methodology. The impacts were assessed based
on their scale, scope, irremediability, and likelihood, while the risks and
opportunities were evaluated in terms of their magnitude and likelihood.
TML internal and external stakeholders reviewed the IROs and their
Step 4
associated scores to evaluate their significance and completeness.
Adjustments were made based on the feedback received from
the stakeholders.
Determination
A final materiality matrix was created based on the scores. A scoring
Step 5 threshold was established to identify high‑priority topics, which were
then further reviewed and confirmed by senior management.
80th Integrated Annual Report
66
2024-25

Materiality matrix
1
2
3
13
16
9
14 7
10
20 28
15
25 19 26 17 12
29
27 24 21 18 22 4 5
31
35 23 6
30
32 8
34
33
36
Low Major Severe
Financial Materiality
Value chain Value chain Value chain
Label Topic Label Topic Label Topic
impacted impacted impacted
1 Climate change mitigation O & D 13 Water consumption and O & U 27 Workers in the Value Chain ‑ D & U
2 Energy O & U withdrawal Health and safety
3 Resource Use and Circular O & D 14 Workers in the Value Chain ‑ U 28 Consumers and End‑users ‑ O & D
Economy ‑ Resource outflows Human Rights Access to (quality) information
related to products and services 15 Substances of very high concern D 29 Pollution of Soil D
4 Own Workforce ‑ Labour O 16 Business conduct O & D 30 Workers in the Value Chain ‑ D & U
practices 17 Responsible tax O Labour practices
5 Own Workforce ‑ Training and O 18 Just Transition O, D & U 31 Consumers and End‑users ‑ D
development Privacy
19 Waste O & D
6 Consumers and End‑users ‑ O & D 32 Communities’ civil and political O, D & U
20 Supplier relationship U
Health and safety rights
21 Social inclusion of consumers D
7 Climate change adaptation O & U 33 Rights of Indigenous peoples U
and/or end‑users
8 Responsible investment / finance O 34 Communities’ economic, social O
22 Policy advocacy O & U
9 Pollution of air O & D and cultural rights
23 Workers in the Value Chain ‑ U
10 Own Workforce ‑ Health and O Training and skills development 35 Own Workforce ‑ Human Rights O
safety 36 Workers in the value chain ‑ D & U
24 Own Workforce ‑Human Rights O, D & U
11 Biodiversity O, & U Privacy
25 Water Pollution and discharge D & U
12 Resource Use and Circular O & U
26 Microplastics O, D & U
Economy ‑ Resources inflows,
including resource use
O – Own Operations U – Upstream D‑ Downstream
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
67 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
ytilairetaM
tcapmI
ereveS
rojaM
woL

Risk management
Tata Motors’ structured ERM framework enables us to identify, assess, and
manage key risks, evaluating our their potential impact on value creation.
Enterprise Risk Management framework
T E G R A T
N E
I D
Risk treatment Integration and monitoring
Risk assessment Establish context
T
R
I N
Risk analysis S E Risk identification
K M
E
MA N A G
Collaborate
Tata Motors Subsidiaries/JVs/Associates
Strategic Review Committee (SRC) Major subsidiaries (mandatory)
Technical Review Committee (TRC) Governance for management
review of ‘Risk’
Product Review Committee (PRC)
Steering Committee (SC) Other subsidiaries
Recommendatory
Product Committee (PC)
80th Integrated Annual Report
68
2024-25

Principal risks
1 Global economic and geopolitical environment Strategic
We face a turbulent outlook of global We rely on key markets such as the UK, China, We continue to closely monitor, assess and
challenges, including: political shifts, North America, India, and continental Europe implement mitigation plans in consideration
economic swings, trade tensions, for a significant portion of our revenues. A of the turbulent geopolitical and economic
protectionism, wars, terrorism, humanitarian decrease in demand in these markets could landscape. This work is underpinned by
crises, pandemics and climate‑related harm our business, financial health and foresight intelligence and scenario planning
disruptions. Given the global nature of where operations. to look further ahead and build resilience
we sell our finished products and buy our to alternative futures. Our diverse global
Our international presence and global sales
commodities, the risk landscape is complex, customer base gives us the flexibility to
profile mean that our business could be
significant and wide‑ranging, particularly in react to regional changes in demand by
significantly impacted by the global external
relation to the challenging and changing tariff adjusting our sales mix into other markets,
environment. Our global supply chain could
environment. Global tariffs could disrupt while we may adjust product features or
also be negatively affected by disruption
automotive supply chains, overall trade content should we face supply challenges
caused by external factors. As a result, our
dynamics, increase raw material costs and informed through our enhanced supply
business could be adversely affected through
cause recessionary risks. chain risk management framework.
lower sales of finished vehicles, delays to
deliveries and increasing material costs from We continue to monitor and assess the
supply chain disruption. global tariff environments to manage
their ramifications as effectively as
H M We are also vulnerable to cyclicity in demand
possible, and take mitigating actions
for our CV business and overall capex and
such as implementing cost discipline,
F S infrastructure spends.
pricing actions, evaluate our offerings and
improving geographical mix.
2 Brand positioning, innovation and rapid technology change Strategic
Staying competitive in the dynamic Demand for our products can be impacted by At JLR, under the Reimagine strategy our
automotive market is increasingly challenging our potential inability to successfully position, brands continue our modern luxury vision
due to intensified competition from existing maintain and articulate the strength of our to support our position in the market, with
OEMs and new disruptive entrants, especially brands, in addition to our failure to develop Jaguar relaunching as an all‑electric brand
in the EV segment. new products and technologies that meet from 2026, targeting a more luxury segment of
customer preferences. the market. As part of the Reimagine strategy,
Technology in the automotive industry is also
we are also continuing our collaboration and
evolving rapidly, particularly with respect to Any delay in the launch of technologically
partnerships both within the Tata Group and
autonomy, connectivity and electrification. intensive products, or if the technology in our
with external organisations in a number of
products becomes relatively obsolete, could
Our ability to succeed in the future relies areas to meet our customer expectations.
impact sales as customers move to purchase
on staying abreast of evolving automotive
products from our competitors. At the Bharat Mobility Global Expo 2025,
trends, meeting changing customer demands
we unveiled more than 50 next‑generation
through timely innovation and maintaining
vehicles, visionary concepts, and intelligent
product competitiveness and quality.
solutions that redefine the future of
mobility across segments and applications.
We introduced the ‘Better Always’ mantra for
the Commercial Vehicles business, embodying
our steadfast commitment to all stakeholders
of continuous growth by fostering agility,
challenging limits, striving for excellence, and
embracing relentless improvement.
In the Passenger Vehicles business, with smart
product interventions and timely refreshes
with stylish designs, safety and technology
F M S
features, our brand perception has increased
over the years.
Capitals impacted
F Financial capital M Manufactured capital I Intellectual capital N Natural capital H Human capital S Social and relationship capital
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
69 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Risk management
Principal risks
3 Electrification transition Strategic
Ensuring a smooth, efficient, and cost‑ An uncontrolled EV transition could lead to Jaguar Land Rover is making a significant
effective shift that minimises disruptions, multiple inefficiencies resulting in substantial transition from internal combustion engine
meets regulatory requirements, satisfies financial losses. Examples to include and not (ICE) vehicles to battery electric vehicles
consumer demand and supports limited to: (BEVs) as part of the Reimagine strategy.
environmental sustainability is paramount. Supply Chain Disruptions: Unmanaged supply This shift includes the launch of the first fully
This involves managing financial, chain issues can lead to production delays and electric Range Rover and a new four‑door
technological, supply chain and workforce shortages. GT Jaguar BEV in 2026. Additionally, JLR is
transitions to maintain competitiveness and Market Share Decline: Inability to meet making significant continued investment in
achieve long‑term success in the evolving consumer demand for BEVs can result in a loss upgrading its core facilities and supply chain
automotive market. India’s automotive sector of market share to more agile competitors. for electrification.
is swiftly transitioning to EVs, driven by Regulatory Penalties: Non‑compliance with
At India business, we expanded the
initiatives like the FAME and PLI schemes. evolving regulations can lead to fines and lega l
consideration among customers by mitigating
challenges.
key barriers for EV adoption. Recently, we
Reputation Damage: Failure to transition
have achieved price parity of ICE and EV by
effectively can harm reputation and brand
introducing new products at similar prices.
value. Further, we are also susceptible to
To support the electrification, Tata Group’s
changes in EV technologies and the risk of any
Agratas is constructing battery cell facilities in
F M S further alternative fuel technologies, which
UK and India.
could adversely affect our competitive position.
4 Growth strategy and competitive business efficiency Financial
Delivering on our business and strategic If our business is unable to compete The JLR Refocus 2.0 transformation programme
objectives is key to realising our planned effectively on costs, then we may experience supports the delivery of our Reimagine
future profitability and cash generation lower‑than‑expected returns on our future objectives. This operational transformation
through return on our investments. There are investments. This could inhibit our ability to programme, alongside the strengthening of
risks inherent in the delivery of our planned achieve our financial objectives. our existing programme governance, includes
Reimagine strategy at JLR as we make the a focus on ensuring timely new product delivery
In the CV business, we are minimising
investments to transition our product to market and management of the cost base
discounting and focusing on retail market
portfolio to increase the proportion of of the business while also ensuring that we
share. However, if consumers cannot absorb
electric vehicles in the future. This includes maximise profitability on our sales.
price increases or competitors continue
our assumptions around the level of customer We maintain strong liquidity in the business to
aggressive discounting with better operating
demand for our products and delivery of our ensure that we can navigate funding challenges
efficiencies, we will be affected. Further, our
products at a competitive cost. which may arise in the future.
market share has witnessed pressure in the
For our domestic Commercial Vehicles SCV and Pickup segment. For the domestic CV business, we have modified
business, we plan to improve the VAHAN our priority to the demand‑pull strategy to
The PV business is susceptible to
market share and deliver strong double digit focus on retail market share and minimising
competitive pressures in terms of new
EBITDA margins, high ROCE while reducing discounts to boost profitability. Also, the
technologies, features, innovations, etc.
the volatility in business. In Passenger focus is to reduce the impact of volatility in
Our lead in EV adoption carries risks too.
and Electric Vehicles, the business aspires CV business through non‑vehicular business,
If EV adoption stalls or competitors offer
to achieve 18‑20% market share, deliver digital, etc. In the Passenger and EV business,
superior technology, features, range
double‑digit EBITDA margins and for PV there has been a turnaround and strong
and cost, it could severely impact us.
(ICE business) with positive and growing cash operational cash flows and maintained market
overall demand growth will be shaped by
flows, and achieve neutral Free Cash flows for share. With an expansive product portfolio,
macroeconomic factors such as consumption
the EV business in the medium term. smart digital solutions and new nameplate
growth, inflation, infrastructure spending,
launches on the anvil, we are well‑positioned to
taxation, government incentives, and
leverage market opportunities and maintain our
F M S global geopolitics.
growth trajectory.
Capitals impacted
F Financial capital M Manufactured capital I Intellectual capital N Natural capital H Human capital S Social and relationship capital
80th Integrated Annual Report
70
2024-25

5 Supply chain disruptions and commodity price fluctuations Operational
Our ability to supply components, in Supply chain disruptions, if not managed, The industrialisation of JLR’s risk management
time, to our manufacturing operations could have an adverse effect on production framework has improved its time to recover
is of paramount importance in achieving volume, revenue and profitability, customer from events impacting its global value chains
production schedules and meeting consumer satisfaction and reputation. Continued supply as well as communication. JLR continues
demand. Commodity price fluctuations, constraints have impacted many industries, to actively engage its internal teams and
being a major part of overall costs, might including automotive. Higher inflation suppliers to mitigate potential disruption
impact the cost competitiveness and overall caused by the scarcity and rising cost of raw through our Secure26, and Kass programmes
profitability. Lastly, the volatile nature of materials, commodities, energy and transport (Tier 1+ Financial Risk detection). We are
the regulatory landscape (Tariffs) could is impacting the production of goods. diversifying sourcing, driving localisation of
also result in significant direct and indirect critical components, closely collaborating
impacts to suppliers and disruption to with suppliers and building a buffer stock,
logistics that increase production costs and exercising financial instruments such as futures
lead times. or options contracts for hedging against price
increases and negotiating long‑term contracts,
wherever necessary. Material cost reduction
through Value Analysis and Value Engineering
(VAVE) is also part of our strategy. We are also
F M S working on localisation of routine components
to minimise the risk.
6 IT systems, security and data management Operational
We are exposed to IT risks since IT plays an As data and digitisation continue to advance Information risk and cyber security are
important role in our operations, including within organisation and our products and managed strategically. Through a cohesive
the manufacturing, design of engineering services, protecting our information assets programme of initiatives, we mitigate
processes. With our vehicles becoming and maintaining secure information services significant business risks while positively
increasingly technologically advanced and are critical enterprise enablers for the benefit influencing business and brand value, growth,
connected to the internet, they may become of our customers and resilience. Failure stability, and overall success. We continue
more susceptible to unauthorised access. The to implement effective data management to drive measurable improvements in cyber
ever‑growing threat from cybercrime and the practices leaves the Company exposed to defence and other core security capabilities
spread of aggressive malicious code brings the risk of regulatory fines and reputational (e.g., security ecosystem, supply chain
risks that can affect the availability, integrity harm. Our ability to meet customer needs, security, risk governance and cultural
and confidentiality of information and expectations and address future challenges change). We are committed to safeguarding
IT‑supported operating resources We are also will be hindered, potentially leading to our data assets through specialist data
subject to risks related to legacy IT systems decreased investment, loss of market share governance capabilities, ensuring all our data
and system migration projects. As data and reduced business performance. The risk assets are owned, controlled and accessible
and digitisation continue to advance within impacts can be categorised into four main across the Company, and our employees
our products and services, protecting our areas at a macro level: have the skills, tools, and support to enact.
information assets and maintaining secure Strategic risk: Loss/theft of IP leading to long‑ Promoting Data Management through
information services are critical enterprise term value loss. an appropriate Data policy, standards
enablers for the benefit of our customers and Operational risk: A severe ransomware and controls demonstrate company’s
company’s resilience. attack could result in business disruption and dedication to sustainable growth so we
loss of revenue. are ready for the future. With appropriate
Financial risk: Breach of compliance could awareness we can maximise our ability to
lead to major fines and operational sanctions exploit new technologies and use AI safely
H M being imposed. and responsibly.
Reputational risk: Negative media publicity
F S
resulting in loss of customers and long‑term
customer trust impact.
Capitals impacted
F Financial capital M Manufactured capital I Intellectual capital N Natural capital H Human capital S Social and relationship capital
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
71 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Risk management
Principal risks
7 People capability and capacity Operational
To deliver strategic and operational plans If we are unable to attract, engage, develop An essential part of our strategy is to
an organisation needs a workforce with and retain the best diverse talent and cultivate an agile and capable organisation
core and critical skills in both current and critical skills in an increasingly competitive and culture through changes in our work
emerging areas and a culture underpinned environment, our ability to continually methods, significant upskilling in ACES
by a safe, secure and inclusive environment innovate and deliver products and services (Autonomous, Connected, Electric, Shared),
that enables people to do their best work to our customers will be impacted. and introducing a new business purpose and
every day. The safety, wellbeing and supporting behaviours. Our culture is built on
engagement of our employees is paramount four pillars: Be Bold, Own It, Solve Together
and needs to be maintained in the face of a and Being Empathetic. We remain dedicated
challenging external environment. to fostering an environment that drives
exceptional business performance.
We also continue to respond to the rapidly
evolving technological landscape. We are
focused on taking a sustainable approach to
planning for the future. By building through
our early careers, talent attraction and talent
upskilling programmes, we ensure our people
H M
have the skills and capabilities we need.
F I
8 Distribution channels, retailer network and customer service delivery Operational
Our goal is to ensure every customer Inconsistent customer experience impacts Market demand is monitored constantly to
experiences a seamless and consistent our ability to attract and retain customers optimise vehicle and parts and accessory
hassle‑free journey, delighting them at every and and impacts overall customer deliveries for our retailers and customers.
interaction. Retailer partners play a crucial satisfaction. Failure to deliver an exceptional Online customer experience is being
role in reflecting our brand strategy and experience through our online and physical enhanced and simplified. Retailer systems
vision, effectively communicating our values retailer channels will lead to a weakening and tools are being enhanced, supporting
through trained and capable representatives. in our competitive positioning, potentially retailer sales, service and technician
This approach aims to successfully appeal impacting our business and financial representatives to deliver a seamless and
to new and existing customers, driving high performance as a result. This situation consistent hassle‑free customer experience.
customer satisfaction and retention levels may necessitate investments in evolving Other initiatives such as SOTA (Software Over
in both sales and services. Availability of distribution models like D2C to meet the Air) and FOTA (Features Over The Air)
parts is necessary to ensure a seamless evolving consumer preferences and market services, Fleet Edge, Sampoorna Seva 2.0, and
customer experience. trends continuously. Uptime Guarantee have been implemented
to improve sales and aftersales experiences.
Additionally, exclusive Tata.ev stores
provide an immersive experience to the
EV community. In Passenger Vehicles
business, initiatives are underway to
expand service capabilities and improve
customer experience.
H M
F S
Capitals impacted
F Financial capital M Manufactured capital I Intellectual capital N Natural capital H Human capital S Social and relationship capital
80th Integrated Annual Report
72
2024-25

9 Climate change Strategic
Description Consequences Mitigations and opportunities
The transition away from traditional fossil We may incur significant reputational Tata Motors acknowledges the short, medium
fuels to renewable energy sources – and damage, which could materially impact and long‑term physical and transition risks
the increasing pace of that transition – our brands and sales, if we fail to maintain associated with climate change. Our ambition
creates particular compliance challenges, environmental compliance. Regulatory and to achieve net zero GHG emissions for our
in particular tailpipe emissions for governmental policy changes may introduce Passenger Vehicle (PV) and Commercial Vehicle
automotive companies and wider compliance additional operational costs in the form of (CV) businesses by 2040 and 2045 respectively
requirements for carbon emissions produced carbon pricing and taxation. Rising frequency will contribute to fulfilling India’s stated
during manufacturing and other operations. of extreme weather events and global aspiration of achieving net zero GHG emissions
Climate change presents both acute and warming can directly and indirectly impact by 2070.
chronic physical risks to our operations and our supply chains and operations, potentially
JLR is transforming its business with the aim
value chain. hindering our ability to meet demand.
to become carbon net zero across its supply
It also poses transition risks to our business, chain, products and operations by 2039. We are
including technological advancements in proactive in meeting environmental regulations
products and changes in the market and and compliance, seeing each regulatory change
policy landscape. as an opportunity to enhance product value
and meet stakeholder aspirations.
M N
F S
10 Litigation/Regulatory Legal and compliance
The litigation process is subject to many Non‑compliance with laws and regulations We are dedicated to adhering to the laws
uncertainties, and the outcome of may subject us to civil and/or criminal and regulations in all countries where we
individual matters is not predictable with actions, resulting in damages, product recalls, conduct business. Our specialist teams
assurance. Various legal proceedings, regulatory measures, fines, and/ or criminal diligently monitor legal and regulatory
claims and governmental investigations sanctions, all of which could negatively developments, establish detailed standards,
are pending against the Company on a impact our corporate reputation. and ensure awareness and compliance with
wide range of topics, including vehicle these standards.
safety, defective components, systems or
general design defects, emissions and fuel
economy, competition, alleged violations
of law, labour, dealer, supplier and other
contractual relationships, intellectual
property rights, product warranties and
environmental matters.
M N
F S
Capitals impacted
F Financial capital M Manufactured capital I Intellectual capital N Natural capital H Human capital S Social and relationship capital
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
73 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Sustainability –
Project Aalingana
The Tata Group’s sustainability strategy is guided by Project
Aalingana, which is driven by the vision to protect the planet and
build the future through the technologies of tomorrow. While the
principles of social and environmental responsibility are deeply
ingrained in the group’s founding principles, Project Aalingana
seeks to build on this foundation to position the group among
sustainability leaders globally.
Aalingana commits each Tata Company to a set of ambitious goals
under the three inter‑connected pillars of:
1 2 3
Driving Pioneering Circular Preserving Nature
Net Zero Economies & Biodiversity
The Tata Group Sustainability Council, headed by the Chairman,
Tata Sons, provides strategic guidance and oversight to Group
Companies on sustainability.
80th Integrated Annual Report
74
2024-25
sevitaitinI
puorG

Pioneering Circular Preserving Nature
Driving Net Zero Economies and Biodiversity
25% >2x Develop
in absolute carbon emissions the content of renewable and nature strategy roadmap
(Scope 1 and 2) by 2030, over recycled resources in products by by 2030
a 2020 baseline 2025, over a 2020 baseline
Net Zero Zero waste to Invest
by 2045 landfill by 2030 in set of Nature‑based Solutions
(NbS) projects in India by 2025
including Scope 3 emissions replenish freshwater in same river
basins as withdrawal (for India
operations)
Replenish Achieve
more leadership in thriving Indian
NbS market by 2030
freshwater than consumed
(for India operations) by 2040
The above Aalingana targets are an integral
part of the group’s sustainability strategy.
In FY25, Tata Companies’ performance on Aalingana
goals is as below:
On Driving Net Zero, the Group’s On Pioneering Circular Economy, On Preserving Nature & Biodiversity,
Scope 1+2 emissions have increased 15 group companies have adopted nine companies have adopted a
by 3% over the 2020 baseline, the target to double renewable and/ nature strategy, and 13 companies
primarily driven through business or recycled resources. Additionally, have invested in Nature‑based
growth and acquisitions. Over the in FY25, the group diverted 99.7% Solutions (NbS) projects.
years, an increasing number of of its waste away from landfills
companies have adopted a target of through various resource recovery
becoming Net Zero (including their and gainful applications and
Scope 3 emissions). As on date, 20 replenished 47% of its annual
Tata companies have a Net Zero freshwater withdrawal in the year
target in alignment with Project (40% replenishment in the same
Aalingana (except Air India, which river basin from where it was
has a target year of 2050). withdrawn).
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
75 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Sustainability strategy
To promote planet resilience, our efforts are focused on three interconnected
pillars of action that resonate the Tata Group’s vision of environmental
stewardship encapsulated by Project Aalingana.
1
Planet
Driving a low‑carbon
transition
Driving net zero
Pioneering circular economies
Preserving nature and biodiversity
Governance
Enhancing accountability
and transparency
Board expertise and Stakeholder
experience management
Ethics Board overview
Policies and processes Sustainable value chain
4
SDGs
80th Integrated Annual Report
76
2024-25

Signatory to the
UN Global Compact
2
People and culture
Building a future ready,
cohesive and inclusive
workforce
Culture Employee experience
Organisation capability Diversity, equity and
inclusion
Leadership development
Industrial relations
Organisation
effectiveness HR capability
Community
Equity and just transition for all
our stakeholders
Health Environment
Education Rural development
Skilling
3
SDGs
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
77 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Planet
To promote planet Aalingana — meaning ‘embrace’ in Sanskrit, embodies the Tata Group’s vision of
a greener, cleaner, sustainable, and equitable future for our planet.
resilience, our efforts focus
on three interconnected
Our goal of achieving net zero by 2045 and our mission to secure the future
pillars of action that through innovation reflect a steadfast commitment to integrating sustainability
resonate with the into our business strategy. This commitment is centred around three
interlinked pillars: decarbonisation, circularity, and the preservation of nature
Tata Group’s vision of
and biodiversity.
environmental stewardship,
as encapsulated by 1 Driving net zero
Project Aalingana.
Driving a Sourcing 100% renewable electricity by 2030
low‑carbon transition Following a science‑based approach to
emissions reduction
PV by 2040
CV by 2045
2 Pioneering circular economies
Applying a systemic, Zero Waste to Landfill by 2030
“I believe that the social
circular economy Water Neutral by 2030
responsibility of our industrial
approach to reduce Water Positive by 2040
enterprises should now extend,
resource use and waste Deployment of TATVA framework
even beyond serving people, to
at enterprise level
the environment. This need is now
fairly well recognised but there is
still considerable scope for most 3 Preserving nature and biodiversity
industrial ventures to extend their
Implementing a Aligning to global biodiversity framework
support not only to human beings
comprehensive, science‑ A ligning with science to map and set targets
but also to the land, to the forests,
driven approach to across our value chain
to the waters and to the creatures
biodiversity management Taking up flagship projects for
that inhabit them.”
nature‑based‑solutions
JRD Tata
Founder, Tata Group
(1904‑1993)
80th Integrated Annual Report
78
2024-25

1 Driving net zero Energy management
Our Energy Management Programme
The climate crisis is no longer a distant rapidly scaling battery electric vehicle is central to our sustainability
risk — it is a defining reality of our (BEV) platforms, enabling us to pursue strategy, focusing on reducing
time. FY25 has deepened our resolve a multi‑path decarbonisation strategy. energy consumption and improving
to transform how we move people and efficiency. We are consistently working
goods, how we build products, and We continue to lead and push the to enhance energy performance
how we engage with the planet. As the boundaries across our electric through internal audits that identify
world accelerates toward clean energy, mobility portfolio: opportunities for improvement.
circular systems, and climate‑resilient We have established clear, measurable
business models, Tata Motors is • In Passenger Vehicles, our EVs targets for reducing energy use —
not just adapting — we are leading have set new benchmarks targets that are closely aligned with
the way. in performance, design, our broader sustainability objectives
and accessibility — making and reviewed regularly to ensure we
Guided by science and driven by clean mobility aspirational stay on track.
and mainstream.
purpose, we are advancing a bold
decarbonisation journey. We remain on • In Electric Buses, we are powering Energy conservation is achieved
course to achieve Net Zero emissions the backbone of public transport through the optimised use of power
by 2040 for our Passenger Vehicles electrification in India’s major cities, and fossil fuels, as well as improved
(PV) business and by 2045 for our helping reduce urban emissions energy productivity via Energy
Commercial Vehicles (CV) business. at scale. Conservation (ENCON) projects. These
Our commitment to RE100 continues • In Small Commercial Vehicles, initiatives are implemented across our
to gain momentum, with a clear we are unlocking clean last‑mile plants and offices in a planned and
roadmap to power all operations with logistics with efficient, electric budgeted manner, contributing to both
100% renewable electricity by 2030. delivery and cargo solutions cost reduction and climate change
tailored to India’s needs. mitigation through the reduction of
FY25 has been a breakthrough year Digitisation and IoT are enabling greenhouse gas emissions.
for zero‑emission technologies. smarter factories and more efficient
Hydrogen has moved from lab to road: supply chains — optimising energy Crucial to this effort is identifying
we’ve initiated pilot trials of hydrogen and other resource use across investments in new technologies
internal combustion engines (H2 ICE), our operations. and methods that have the potential
and our fuel cell electric vehicles to significantly reduce energy
consumption while maintaining
(FCEVs) have now completed over a We remain deeply committed to this
year of successful real‑world operation. journey — with integrity, innovation, operational efficiency.
These milestones complement our and a bold vision for the future.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
79 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
Planet
Cumulative on-site renewable Energy consumption
0.8%
power installations
(GJ)
(MWp)
FY25 9,82,733 19,57,398 29,40,131
76.5
FY24 10,23,381* 18,93,821 29,17,202*
FY25 76.5
FY23 10,21,689 19,03,943 29,25,632
FY24 56.3
Direct (energy from fuels) Indirect (energy from electricity)
FY23 43.3
Specific energy consumption
5%
(GJ/vehicle)
Renewable electricity
28.6% FY25 1.05 2.09 3.14
(million kWh)
FY24 1.05* 1.94 2.99*
248.9
FY23 1.07 2 3.07
FY25 248.9
Direct (energy from fuels) Indirect (energy from electricity)
FY24 193.62*
FY23 137.22
Renewable electricity
share
(%)
46
FY25 46
FY24 37*
FY23 25.9
* The numbers for FY24 have been restated due
to reclassification of green attribute ownership
for renewable electricity and enhanced coverage
of fuel consumption points.
80th Integrated Annual Report
80
2024-25

Driving GHG emission reduction
In our pursuit of a more sustainable tomorrow, TML has outlined a strategic pathway to cut greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions across Scope 1, 2, and 3. This roadmap reflects our deep commitment to climate action and long‑term
environmental responsibility.
Our emissions reduction strategy
Scope 1&2 Scope 3
Achieve RE100 in operations by 2030 Reduce and neutralise tailpipe
emissions by shifting to low-emission
Optimise energy consumption
vehicles and clean mobility
Convert equipment using fossil fuels
Adopt renewable electricity in our
to operate with renewable electricity
direct supply chain
Every product initiative across Tata Motors is seamlessly
integrated with our decarbonisation agenda and Net Zero
vision. Our future‑ready portfolio embraces a range of
sustainable technologies, including Battery Electric Vehicles
(BEVs), Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles and Hydrogen Internal
Combustion Engine (ICE) Vehicles.
Through these innovations, we’re reimagining mobility —
creating smarter, cleaner, and more responsible mobility
solutions for the world.
GHG emissions
Scope 1 GHG Scope 2 GHG Emissions Specific GHG
0.7%↓ 10%↓ 4%↓
emissions (Market-based) (Scope 1+2) emissions
(tCO e) (tCO ) (tCO /vehicle)
2 2 2
70,746 2,14,289 0.305
FY25 70,746 FY25 2,14,289 FY25 0.305
FY24 71,278* FY24 2,38,018* FY24 0.317*
FY23 63,728 FY23 2,78,465 FY23 0.359
Scope 3 emissions in FY25 (tCO )
2
Purchased Goods and Services1 94,07,066
Fuel and Energy‑Related Activities 68,323
Waste Generated in Operations 9,145
Business Travel 9,720
Employee Commuting2 14,511
Upstream Leased Assets3 2,376
Use of Sold Products 15,26,00,209
Franchises4 1,90,808
1 Spend based method
2 This includes coverage of only the employee commute though company buses contracted by third parties at each plant location.
3 The leased assets are offices shared by TML, TMPVL and TPEML where utility expenses are shared by the entities.
4 The calculation methodology involves data collected on Scope 1 and Scope 2 data from 417 dealer partners and extrapolation of the average emissions for each outlet
category across total Commercial and passenger vehicle network.
* The numbers for FY24 have been restated due to reclassification of green attribute ownership for renewable electricity, enhanced coverage of fuel consumption points
and extended coverage of fugitive emissions from refrigerants.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
81 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
Planet
Production,
Decarbonising our Upstream operation and
value chain logistics
Advancing supply chain Upscaling renewable
2045 sustainability roadmap energy usage
CV
We have taken a holistic approach Our strategy tackles emissions
to embed sustainability in our through a 100% renewable electricity
supply chain. Our Sustainable Supply transition, energy conservation, and
Chain Framework is driven by a clear phasing out fossil fuels in logistics.
2040 ambition to align our supply chain We are making significant progress
PV
with broader sustainability goals, on renewables and conservation to
setting measurable targets and achieve a greener future. All operations
encouraging supplier collaboration. will be RE‑100 by 2030.
Strong governance through ethical
2039
JLR policies and a robust Supplier Code
All operations will
of Conduct ensures integrity and
risk mitigation. be RE-100 by 2030
In alignment with Project Aalingana
Sustainability is integrated across
46
the supplier lifecycle via rigorous %
assessments through a digital portal.
RE across Tata Motors CV and PV
The initiative is powered by Aikyam,
operations in FY25
a platform that unites stakeholders
through knowledge sharing and
1,24,730
impactful lighthouse projects GJ
focused on renewable energy, water
Energy saved through Energy
conservation, waste reduction, and conservation measures
circular economy practices.
Reducing embodied emissions Optimising operations (JLR)
By adopting the principles of JLR prioritises operational sustainability
circular economy, we are focusing through on‑site efficiency initiatives,
on reducing embodied emissions in renewable energy integration, and
our materials. process electrification to minimise
energy consumption and emissions.
Reimagining the
supply chain (JLR)
JLR’s ‘Reimagine’ strategy directly
addresses supply chain challenges Tata UniEVerse:
by fostering collaboration with Synchronised efforts
suppliers. Through knowledge
to develop a holistic
sharing and co‑creation initiatives,
e-mobility ecosystem
JLR aims to accelerate the transition
to accelerate the
towards a sustainable future
adoption of EVs
throughout our entire value chain.
in India.
80th Integrated Annual Report
82
2024-25
ot
dettimmoC yb
oreZ
teN

Downstream
Expand EV portfolio Channel partner sustainability
A majority of our downstream To drive sustainability across our
emissions are attributed to the dealer network, we have developed
use‑phase of our products. the Channel Partner Sustainability
Programme, equipping partners with
We are committed to decarbonising structured frameworks, digital tools,
both systematically and systemically and best practices to integrate ESG
— through continuous efficiency principles into their operations. This
improvements, the adoption of initiative ensures that sustainability
alternative fuel powertrains such is embedded in every aspect of
as CNG, LNG, and Flex‑Fuel, and by their business, from environmental
advancing destination technologies stewardship and resource efficiency
including Battery Electric Vehicles and to ethical governance and
Green Hydrogen‑powered solutions, social responsibility.
including Internal Combustion Engines
and Fuel Cell Electric Vehicles. To support this effort, a Sustainability
Guidance Handbook has been
TML to launch 8 EV created as a comprehensive roadmap EV Dealerships
for channel partners to align with
models by 2025 326
Tata Motors’ Aalingana sustainability dealerships
objectives. The handbook offers
1,114
structured guidelines for ESG outlets
Increasing renewable
implementation, highlighting
energy usage (JLR) best practices in environmental Covering 860 cities and expanding
Our global renewable energy management, social impact, and
strategy focuses on increasing corporate governance, along with Recycling with respect
self‑generated power to exceed clear directives to help enhance 7
35% of global consumption sustainability performance.
by 2030. This approach Re.Wi.Re – Registered vehicle
reduces reliance on the local Decarbonising together: scrappage facilities operational
grid and minimises the need Partnering for progress
for purchased grid‑based In the collective pursuit of net zero Promoting shared mobility
renewable energy. emissions, JLR is committed to a 3,300+
two‑pronged approach. We are
actively electrifying our product EV buses operationalised
portfolio, while simultaneously
collaborating with our downstream 1,10,000
value chain to decarbonise the supply
of key materials. Through SBTi targets, Annual vehicle
we aim for a significant reduction scrappage capacity
of 60% in downstream emissions per
5
vehicle kilometre across the entire use billion+ km
phase of our vehicles.
Tata.ev vehicles
4,147
units
EV Commercial vehicles registered
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
83 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
Planet
2 Pioneering circular economies
In FY24, TML launched Tatva – a Revenue Generation, four pathways – On the revenue front, we have
comprehensive framework to Material, Energy, Lifetime & Utilisation, launched Project Sanjeevani to
becoming a truly circular business. In and 12 key elements supported by expand our Prolife product portfolio
the absence of a universally accepted 22 robust metrics. and unlock new value streams from
international standard or framework, circular models. Simultaneously, we
TATVA was created to embed To establish a strong foundation for are enhancing the capabilities of our
circularity in our core operations. Carbon and Resource Efficiency, we Re.Wi.Re centres by implementing
Tatva represents the integration of have established baseline data across processes that enable components
circular economy principles across all our platforms and developed a to move through higher loops
the enterprise — impacting design, targeted commodity strategy aligned of circularity — such as Reuse,
engineering, procurement, customer with our ambitious 2030 goals. These Refurbishment, and Remanufacturing
care, aftermarket services, and end‑of‑ initiatives are integral to our ‘Design — rather than going directly to
life management. for Circularity’ approach. Furthermore, recycling. Going forward, we
renewable energy has been adopted will strengthen our value chain
The framework is structured under as a central theme to drive carbon partnerships to advance circularity
three key action areas: Carbon efficiency throughout our supply chain. and introduce solutions that enhance
Efficiency, Resource Efficiency, and the utilisation and lifecycle value of
our products.
Key elements of our
framework along the pathways
Material Energy
• Material Circularity • Embodied emission in
• Water our materials
• Waste • Energy efficiency
• Use of renewable energy
in our operations
Lifetime Utilisation
• Utilisation improvement • Increase in the life of
of products products and components
• Utilisation improvement of • Circular design handbook
installed capacity • Circular spares
• Recovery at end of life
Tatva encompasses
12
key elements
Focused on four pathways:
22
metrics Energy, Material, Lifetime and Utilisation
80th Integrated Annual Report
84
2024-25

Circularity through design Life Cycle Assessments (LCAs)
We are committed to upholding In line with our commitment to sustainability, Tata Motors conducts thorough
sustainable practices in our Life Cycle Assessments (LCAs) to evaluate the environmental impacts of our
end‑of‑life product management products. These assessments cover resource use, ecological consequences such
strategies. We continuously as greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and ecotoxicity, as well as human health
strive to improve our products’ considerations including human toxicity and ionising radiation. LCA’s quantify these
circularity quotient by embedding impacts using metrics such as Global Warming Potential, Acidification Potential,
design‑for‑recycling approaches, Eutrophication, Abiotic Depletion, Ozone Layer Depletion, and Photochemical
facilitating easy dismantling and Ozone Creation.
selection of sustainable materials.
TML has developed a comprehensive LCA methodology and approach
strategy to embed material circularity Our LCA approach, adhering to ISO 14040 and ISO 14044 standards,
throughout the lifecycle of our comprehensively evaluates the total environmental impacts or ecological burden
vehicles. This involves a fundamental arising from the entire lifecycle of our products. This includes stages from raw
shift towards modular designs, material extraction through manufacturing, usage, and end‑of‑life disposal.
enabling efficient disassembly and
promoting component reuse and We have completed Cradle to Gate LCA analysis for various passenger ICE and
remanufacturing. Our design‑for‑ EV vehicle models (Tiago, Tigor, Altroz, Punch, Nexon, Curvv, Harrier MCE and
recycling approach seeks to minimise Safari MCE, Nexon EV, Tiago EV, Tigor EV, Punch EV, Curvv EV).
waste and environmental impact.
In order to promote end‑of‑life To understand the life‑cycle impact of EV battery cells, TML has performed
management of our products, the Cradle‑to‑Gate LCA analysis with the help of a third party consultant to evaluate
dismantling information of, Nexon, global supply chain impact of battery manufacturing and the effect of different
Altroz, Aria, Indica, Indigo, Indica manufacturing locations i.e. China and India.
vista, Harrier, Safari, Nexon EV, Curvv
EV, Tigor EV is published on IDIS For our commercial vehicles, we have completed cradle to gate LCA analysis
(International Dismantling Information for representative vehicles from SCV, ILMCV & HCV platforms which includes
System) website. This information assessments of material usage, energy consumption, and emissions. The transition
is useful to dismantlers for the safe to alternate fuels is also a very important factor in reducing the carbon footprint
disposal of Tata vehicles. of Tata Motors commercial vehicles, and this is also taken into account while
conducting LCA analysis.
Sustainable materials encompass use
of recyclable materials, encouraging These LCA studies help us to identify ‘hotspots’ where environmental impacts
use of recycled materials, restricted are most significant, enabling targeted improvements to reduce product carbon
use of hazardous materials and footprint, minimise waste generation and promote use of sustainable materials.
use of materials with low carbon We have systematically embedded these objectives in our product development
intensity. Currently, over 90% of process by setting decarbonisation and material circularity targets for future
materials used in our commercial and passenger and commercial vehicle models.
passenger vehicles are recyclable and
recoverable. We are continuously Nexon ICE - An LCA landmark
striving to enhance use of recycled We have established a new benchmark in environmental reporting transparency
material content for our vehicles. with the successful third‑party verification of our Cradle‑to‑Grave LCA for Nexon
Our passenger and commercial Diesel model by TUV‑Rheinland. The Cradle‑to‑Grave LCA study follows ISO 14040
vehicles use varied percentages of and 14044 method covering all the life cycle phases – material extraction & part
recycled content in steel, aluminium, manufacturing processes, upstream transport, vehicle production, downstream
glass and polymers. The average distribution, fuel consumption and emissions during life of the product, preventive
recycled content of our passenger and and extensive maintenance, disassembly and treatment of ELV. The outcome of the
commercial vehicles is in the range LCA indicates total life cycle climate change impact for Nexon Diesel as ~0.21 kg
of 5 to 8% covering 5 ICE models CO₂e/km, with key contributions from the use phase, material extraction, and
(Tiago, Tigor, Altroz, Punch, Nexon) and component manufacturing. Third party validation ensures data accuracy and
3 CV platforms (SCV, ILMCV and HCV). methodological integrity strengthening our ability to make informed decisions and
To further strengthen our efforts, we’re demonstrate commitment to environment to our stakeholders.
also actively developing closed‑loop
recycling systems for critical materials
like metals, plastics, oil, and rubber
to reduce our dependence on
virgin resources.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
85 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
Planet
Nexon ICE Diesel:
Life Cycle Impacts
(EoL: Cut-off Approach)
5% 1%
26%
0.21 kg CO eq./km 0.2%
2
0.6%
0.6%
56%
11%
Material extraction & part processing
Upstream transportation
Vehicle manufacturing & assembly
Downstream distribution
Use phase: Well-to-Tank (WTT)
Use phase: Tank-to-Wheel (TTW)
Use Phase: Maintenance
(Part Mfg.+ EoL of replaced parts)
End-of-Life (Cut-off approach)
Enhancing
Our initiatives
vehicle
1 4
sustainability
Integrating innovative technologies Eliminating use of hazardous and toxic
such as nanotechnology, utilising chemicals at the product design stage
natural fibre composites, repurposing through –
pre‑consumer waste for textiles, • Paint elimination from
promoting the recovery of precious polymeric parts We are committed to:
materials, and extending the drainage • Restricted use of Persistent
period of oils Organic Pollutants (POP’s) as per Increasing recycled
BRS convention
content in vehicles
• Proactive compliance with AIS‑129
standard to restrict heavy metal
2
usage (Lead, Mercury, Cadmium,
Streamlining designs
Hexavalent Chromium) in vehicle
Increasing the percentage of recycled
below threshold limit for longer life and
input materials
• Elimination of flame retardants
end-of-life management
like TDCIPP, TCIP, TCEP in vehicle
seat foam
3
Collaborating with
suppliers through
Use of lifecycle impact assessments as
a scientific tool to identify significant our AIKYAM forum
hot spots enabling corrective actions
to enhance circular
to be taken to reduce the product
carbon footprint business practices
80th Integrated Annual Report
86
2024-25
yradnuob
metsyS
evarG
ot
eldarC
oiranecs
hguorht
derevoC

Responsible use of resources
Re.Wi.Re New Re.Wi.Re facilities launched in FY25, totalling
Tata Motors’ state‑of‑the‑art
7 1,10,000
Re.Wi.Re. (Recycle with Respect) facilities vehicles
facility is designed to responsibly
Locations: Jaipur, Bhubaneshwar, Annual dismantling capacity
dismantle end‑of‑life passenger and
Surat, Chandigarh, Delhi‑NCR,
commercial vehicles across all brands.
Guwahati, Pune
Leveraging globally benchmarked and
optimised processes, these facilities
enable safe, sustainable, and efficient
vehicle scrapping and recycling.
Through Re.Wi.Re., we aim to
strengthen value capture in
downstream businesses, generate
employment opportunities, and
contribute meaningfully to reducing
environmental pollution from ageing
vehicles. Aligned with our commitment
to sustainability and circular economy
principles, we are actively working
to scale Re.Wi.Re. facilities across
the country — enhancing value chain
efficiency while fostering a cleaner,
greener future.
Tata Prolife
Tata Motors Prolife stands as a proven Tata Motors Prolife remanufactures Project Sanjeevani has been launched
case of circular economy in the country entire range of Engine long blocks with a vision to take quantum leaps
for the last 25 years. fitted on Tata Motors Commercial on Circular economy goals while
vehicles with emission compliance Tata Motors Prolife is expanding
It is a pioneering aftermarket support
norms ranging from BSI to BSVI. its portfolio to a wide variety of
initiative which aims to remanufacture
components in the near future.
old and used vehicle aggregates to Apart from engines, other products in
factory standards for delivering original Prolife portfolio are Clutch assemblies,
equipment like performance and Cabins, After treatment systems and
extending the useful life of vehicle. Fuel Injection equipment.
Looking beyond the current industrial
linear model of Take – Make – Waste,
Tata Motors Prolife has imbibed the
circular economy model and redefined
Growth by Take – Make – Reuse
approach to remanufacture and reuse
with focus on positive ecological and
social benefits.
End of life parts are reclaimed and
rebuilt through innovative salvaging
processes and re‑machining.
This enables the re‑use of these parts
FY25
for another life and in turn serving
the objective of parts circularity by | Engines – 24,671 | ATS aggregates – 2,003
avoiding the use of virgin materials for | Cabins – 651 | Fuel Injection aggregates – 8,681
manufacturing fresh parts. | Clutch – 12,685
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
87 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
Planet
Responsible use of resources
Circularity through re-use and
re-furbish
TATA OK facilitates the buying, selling, but also offers warranties, ensuring TATA OK offers Digital Evaluations at
and exchanging of used commercial quality and reliability. In FY25, TATA customer’s convenience. The pricing
vehicles across India, offering a digital OK recorded the sale of 37,768 used grid support to dealers is helping build
platform integrated with Fleetverse. commercial vehicles, reflecting the confidence and traction.
This integration allows dealers to list platform’s significant role in promoting
vehicles for sale, providing customers vehicle reuse.
with a broad inventory of over 400
options — the largest among all
OEMs. The introduction of the ‘Park
n Sell’ feature enables customers
to display vehicles for sale while
continuing to use them, enhancing
asset utilisation.
A key aspect of TATA OK’s approach
is its focus on refurbishment. The
platform has enhanced refurbishment
controls, combining dealership
networks, Fleetverse integration,
and visibility into refurbishment
processes. This strategy not only
extends the life of existing vehicles
Tata OK ‑ enabling second life
Waste management
Tata Motors is committed to A significant part of our waste Our manufacturing facilities
sustainable waste management, management programme includes
in Lucknow, Pantnagar and
implementing a comprehensive employee training on circularity in
Dharwad were certified
internal auditing process that waste management, identification
categorises waste and its disposal of new technologies and methods to ‘Zero Waste to Landfill’ by
routes. Automobile manufacturing minimise waste and divert waste from CII‑GBC.
operations generate wastes and scrap. landfills. These efforts are helping all
Scrap has inherent material value and Plants to achieve the ‘Zero Waste to
can be re‑recycled. Waste is regulated Landfill’ target by 2030.
by law based on its characteristics and
includes both hazardous and non‑
Operational waste generated
hazardous types. 18%
(MT)
Our operations continuously drive
initiatives aimed at eliminating,
minimising, and recycling waste in FY25 1,97,305 8,779 1,88,526
accordance with legal requirements
and available opportunities with FY24 1,67,739* 6,934 1,60,805
quantified targets cascaded to
operational sites. These initiatives
include material recovery through FY23 1,76,884 9,376 1,67,508
authorised recyclers, co‑processing
hazardous waste as alternative fuel and
raw material and recycling of metal and Total waste Hazardous waste Non-Hazardous waste
non‑metal scrap through authorised
recyclers. *FY24 waste data has been restated due to enhanced coverage of Construction and
Demolition waste generation points.
80th Integrated Annual Report
88
2024-25

Water management
Tata Motors acknowledges the Our water management programme Operational water
significance of water as a shared includes employee training on water 7%↓
withdrawal
and scarce resource. We are management, identification of new
committed to sustainable water technologies, monitoring methods (kL)
management, implementing a and analysis to minimise water
46,77,573
comprehensive internal auditing consumption and wastages. These
process that categorises water based efforts are helping all Plants to achieve
on its withdrawal source — such the ‘Water Neutrality’ target by 2030.
as surface water, groundwater, FY25 46,77,573
or third‑party supplies — and its
discharge destination. We recognise
FY24 50,34,479
the importance of optimising water
consumption through a judicious
mix of water conservation, effluent Our manufacturing facilities FY23 53,39,329
re‑cycling and rainwater harvesting as in Lucknow, Dharwad and
per the prevailing conditions at each
Pantnagar were certified
Plant location.
‘water positive’ by CII‑GBC.
The Company has made significant
strides in reducing water consumption
leading to a 7% reduction in 5
m3/vehicle
operational water withdrawal.
Water withdrawal intensity
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
89 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
Planet
3 Preserving nature and biodiversity
TML’s biodiversity strategy is aligned concepts, built ambition in line with backed OECM framework (i.e. Other
with the Groups Aalingana strategy, our aspiration to move the needle and Effective Area Based Conservation
metrics and milestones, and puts in established baselines. Measures) – which expands the scope
place an Action Plan for delivering a of area‑based conservation beyond
Net Positive Impact on biodiversity. At In FY25 we launched projects across legally protected areas. Going beyond
an enterprise level, this strategy lays all 3 areas, which have strategic certification, these Tata Motors ‘nature
down the steps to restore, enhance, relevance and potential to deliver hot‑spots’ set in the midst of industrial
and protect nature, ensuring a net impact at scale. The projects are estates, will serve as a light‑house
positive outcome on biodiversity. conceptualised to deliver scientifically of best practice in biodiversity
validated approaches (as SOP’s) ready conservation. Tata Motors will
TMLs understanding of biodiversity for implementation; for example engage with its employees and local
and species extinction began with eco‑restoration of disturbed habitats stakeholders in the process enabling
Top Management engaging with or improving the health of threatened awareness‑building, research, and
leading Subject Matter Experts and wetlands. Such initiatives, which adoption to create a ripple effect far
practitioners, which in turn informed leverage nature and productive beyond its premises.
our decision to adopt a science‑based ecosystems to protect people and
approach as opposed to the ad‑hoc and biodiversity, constitute what are B) Value chain
charismatic. Strategic coherence led to called Nature based Solution (NbS) Automobile manufacturing sources
the identification of 3 areas for TMLs projects. In the scale‑up phase of a diverse range of parts, materials
biodiversity interventions which spans this unique strategic approach, Tata and consumables from a complex
(1) its own Operations, (2) its Value Motors plans to engage Value Chain global supply chain. This sourcing
Chain and (3) beyond the Value Chain partners and corporate peers, to determines the level of both
extending to the national landscape adopt and implement these SOPs in dependency and impact on nature
and aligning with national conservation similar landscapes, while continuing and natural resources. To address
priorities. For each of these areas, we to provide stewardship, enable this, Tata Motors has joined the
adopted scientific frameworks and convergence funding and monitor corporate engagement programme
impact. This strategy will realise Tata of Science‑Based Targets for Nature.
Biodiversity projects in FY25 Motors and the Groups objective of The Science based Targets Network
investing in NbS projects in India to (SBTN) is developing Science‑Based
Own Operations deliver biodiversity and community Targets for Nature for companies to
Eco‑restoration within Pimpri co‑benefits. address their environmental impacts
Residential Area, at Pune to across terrestrial, freshwater, and
A) Own operations
achieve OECM (Other Effective marine realms, in addition to climate.
Area Based Conservation Since inception, all TML Operational This structured approach will help
Measures) certification sites in India have demarcated Tata Motors reduce its contribution to
dedicated areas on which green‑belt key drivers of nature loss. In FY25, we
and wetlands are developed. A have identified material impacts of our
Value Chain comprehensive biodiversity baseline operations and those of our immediate
Adoption of Science Based Targets survey across all Plants was carried upstream value chain on nature
for Nature at an enterprise level, out to get an in‑depth understanding and biodiversity. We are using tools
of‑ current floristic and faunal diversity,
which complements the Science
extent of invasive species, presence
Based Targets initiative (SBTi) by
of species with special conservation
addressing nature loss alongside
value and other challenges. At our
climate change.
Pimpri Residential Area, in Pune, a
comprehensive eco‑restoration master
plan supported by scientific metrics
Beyond Value Chain is developed, which will be executed
Adoption of 3 flagship projects in FY26 to achieve measurable
focused on key landscapes and improvements in biodiversity on‑site.
keystone species These eco‑restoration projects are
structured to meet the criteria laid
down in the MoEFCC‑NBA‑UNDP
80th Integrated Annual Report
90
2024-25

and databases to interpret these material pressures/impacts to ensure a holistic 2) M aximus – Asian elephants are
prioritisation, paving the way to set SBTN aligned public commitments and targets. India’s national heritage animal
By taking this stand in the public domain, Tata Motors aims to showcase the role of for good reason – apart from its
scientific rigor, inspiring broader industry action in India. cultural and religious importance,
they are a keystone species
of biodiversity conservation!
Project Maximus, is Tata Motors
elephant conservation
programme currently active in
two landscapes‑ the Singhbhum
Elephant Reserve in Jharkhand
and the Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve
in the south. The approach
includes providing on‑ground
resources for securing conflict
affected communities in the
short term and collaborations
for science based conservation
through field studies in the
Project Maximus launched in Kerala’s Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary. long term. This NbS project
will deliver new scientific
C) Beyond value chain knowledge in the form of updated
Tata Motors is demonstrating leadership by addressing Nature and Biodiversity baselines, mapping of elephant
beyond its Operations and Value Chain in line with our ambition to create impact habitats, migration patterns,
at scale. After evaluating a wide range of potential topics, we shortlisted 3 projects conflict zones, as well as site‑
which are aligned with the Kunming Montreal‑Global Biodiversity Framework and specific and regional mitigation
has potential to create impact at scale. plans to establish scalable
‘co‑existence’ models.
1) W etlands & Winged Voyagers – Wetlands along the path of the Central Asian
Flyway in India, are critical wintering habitats for millions of migratory birds, 3) G o Green – Natural habitats
providing food and safe resting areas. Securing these wetlands is essential and biodiversity in Northeast
for the continuance of the annual global migration and avian biodiversity. India are under pressure due to
In collaboration with Wetlands International South Asia (WISA), the wetland extensive deforestation, shifting
landscape around four of our Plants‑ Pune, Sanand, Lucknow, and Jamshedpur cultivation, and infrastructure
were studied using satellite image analysis, thematic overlays and on‑ground development. In FY25, 7.1 lakh
ecological evaluation leading to prioritisation of 1,800 wetlands for further saplings have been planted and
study. The outcomes will include Health Card creation aligned with India’s protected across 700 acres in
National Wetland Portal and development of integrated management Longleng District of Nagaland
programmes for high priority wetlands. This NbS project will deliver wetland under Tata Motors flagship ‘Go
positive landscapes, and contribute to India’s national and international Green’ project in collaboration
wetland commitments, while saving habitats for avian biodiversity at with Lemsachenlok, a grassroots
a global scale. community organisation. This
community‑led plantation on
degraded jhum fallow lands,
utilises indigenous knowledge
of local communities to restore
land cover with indigenous tree
species. This NbS project will
deliver restoration of degraded
lands which builds ecological
resilience and secures livelihoods
of indigenous communities that
rely on forests for sustenance and
cultural practices.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
91 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Occupational
safety and health
interventions
The Tata Group’s Occupational Safety & Health strategy is
guided by a vision of Preventing Harm due to workplace
hazards as well as enhancing Health & Wellness across our
companies. This vision is underpinned by the core Tata
philosophy of improving the Quality of Life. The Governing
Council of Tata Business Excellence Group (TBExG) provides
strategic guidance and oversight to Tata companies on
Occupational Safety & Health interventions and initiatives,
and the Safety & Health team at TBExG supports the various
interventions undertaken by Tata Companies.
The vision on Occupational Safety & Health is operationalised
through the passion and commitment of our Leaders and
managers in building a resilient safety culture through critical
risk thinking, elimination, and/or control of hazards, building
competency in the workforce and a leveraging the latest
digital AL&ML tools and technologies.
80th Integrated Annual Report
92
2024-25
sevitaitinI
puorG

The activities are broadly classified
as four strategic interventions:
Embedding
Enhancing Accelerated Rigorous
Safety Management
Capabilities & Learning & Assurance &
Systems and
Competencies Sharing Verification
Standards
Safety initiatives and interventions undertaken
at the Tata Group level in FY25:
Group Chairman’s annual safety 80% of the Safety Professionals
forum, in which 75 of the top across Tata undertook a Tata Safety
leaders participated, where Proficiency Exam administered in
progress on committed actions was partnership with TCS iON through
reviewed and deliberations held on remote proctoring to accelerate their
targeted actions to prevent harm. capability and competency.
Focussed Injury Prevention The Group-wide ‘Accelerate Reduction
interventions to eliminate/control in Repeat Events’ (ARRE) intervention
hazards, tailored to the risk profile provides access to best practices
across the various industry clusters. in controlling specific hazards from
the world’s best companies, which in
turn results in the improvement of
the Safety Standards and Systems.
3,75,000+ Group employees and Over the years, 18,000+ Safety & Line
ecosystem partners participated professionals across 45+ Tata Entities
in the Tata Fire Prevention and have attended the ARRE.
Preparedness Week activities,
in October 2024. This included
3,30,000+ employee fire
evacuations on a single day.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
93 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

People
and culture
We are dedicated to 58,442* 48,000+
cultivating a culture of
Total employees including workers Contractual employees
continuous learning — one
that encourages individuals
to grow through curiosity,
collaboration, and capability‑ Be bold Own it
building. We provide
opportunities for exploration Our Culture
and empower our people to
Solve together Be empathetic
boldly pursue new paths, both
personally and professionally.
As the organisation evolves in
a dynamic global landscape, Junior Management3 9,971
we strive to attract world‑class
Middle Management2 2,838
talent while nurturing a high‑
performance environment Senior Management1 147
where contributions are
Non‑Management4 45,486
valued and growth is earned.
Enhancing the overall
1 L2 and above 2 L3, L4 3 L5, L6, Cadre, Flexi White Collar 4 Blue collar, Flexi Blue Collar
employee experience remains
Employee Culture Survey 2025
central to our people strategy,
• For the past four years, we have consistently conducted the Employee Culture
ensuring talent is welcomed, Survey to give our people a voice in shaping our culture. In February 2025, we
recognised and rewarded. achieved our highest‑ever participation rate of 91%, surpassing the industry
benchmark of 86% — a strong testament to the trust employees place in
the process.
28,176*
• While the overall engagement score held steady at 70%, our Change
Management score rose by 4% to 77%, reflecting tangible progress. These
Permanent employees results highlight that employees are not only more aware of the Culture Credo
including workers but are also seeing and feeling the impact of our collective cultural journey.
*Includes TML, TMPVL and TPEML
80th Integrated Annual Report
94
2024-25

1 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI)
Tata Motors remains steadfast in
promoting equal opportunities DEIsha architecture
within the organisation and beyond. and governance
Building upon our long‑standing To ensure DEI is strategised, owned and
legacy through our programmes and implemented by all stakeholders, we have
inclusive practices, we strive to create established a strong governance structure
a workplace culture where every to ensure accountability, transparency, and
individual feels valued, respected, alignment with organisational vision through
and empowered to unlock their DEIsha. It helps drive meaningful change,
true potential. monitor progress, and address systemic
inequities effectively.
Tata Motors follows an ‘Equal
Opportunity Employer Policy’ and
launched a formal DEI programme
called DEIsha (Direction) in FY24.
Under this, TML has several policies
and programmes in place that ensure
flexibility, parent‑friendliness, work‑
life balance while also taking care of
healthcare needs and the special needs
of new mothers and opportunities
for women interested in returning to
the workplace after career breaks.
Our future‑focused perspective is
reflected in the benefits we offer to
our employees’ partners, and not just
their spouses.
Viva Engage
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
95 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
People and culture
DEIsha Lighthouse Framework
We launched the DEIsha Lighthouse Framework as our standard operating model
to systematically address and measure progress in diversity, equity, and inclusion.
The framework provides a comprehensive approach to ensure localisation,
accountability and continuous improvement while creating a standard framework
for reportage.
The DEIsha Lighthouse Framework acts as both a
strategic tool and a measurement system, ensuring that
each of these DEI pillars is continuously improved upon for
long‑term success.
80th Integrated Annual Report
96
2024-25

A breakdown of our policies
Policy name Applicability Objective Benefits
Equal opportunity All permanent and probationary To foster a workplace where Strong foundation of Diversity,
employer policy employees everyone feels valued, empowered Equity and Inclusion embedded
and supported across policies
Time off from All permanent and probationary Allows soon‑to‑be parents to focus Paid maternity leave up to
work-maternity and employees on their family and take time off 182 days and paternity
paternity leaves from work leave provided
Flexible work options All permanent and probationary Empowers women employees Part-time work option, up to 6
for working mothers women employees who are: new to meet both personal and months for employees having
mothers, stepping into parenthood, professional goals by providing a children up to 12 years of age
working mothers with children up work‑life balance and supporting
to 12 years of age, or availing an gender equity
extension to maternity leave
Day care/crèche All permanent and probationary Helps employees balance their Daycare facilities at all plant
facilities employees professional responsibilities with locations; tie-ups with proximate
family needs daycare providers for
non-plant offices
Tata SCIP (Second Minimum 2 years continuous work Launched by Tata Group in 2008, Offers part-time/full-time/
Careers Inspiring experience offering qualified women a flexi-time options
Possibilities) chance to revive their professional Conversion to TML rolls based on
journeys. Supports increasing the performance/potential of the
gender diversity and prevents loss candidate and vacancy
of professional competence
Wheels of Love Female employees who are: To guide and support new mothers One-to-one coaching for mothers
(Maternity support Expectant parent | new parent | in their parenthood journey and managers
programme) returning parent
Step toward becoming a Other forms of support through
parent‑friendly organisation webinars, employee resource
promoting a culture of care, groups, counselling and
sensitisation and inclusion buddy connects
Vidyadhan Education Female children of all active To support technicians by providing 70% interest subsidy on
Loan Policy permanent technicians financial assistance for their education loan
children's higher education
Utkarsha The scholarship is available to girls, To empower and support the The scholarship amount shall be
Scholarship Policy transgender and PWD children of education of girl, transgender limited to K 25,000 per eligible
all active permanent technicians & PWD children belonging to child for completion of 10th and
technicians. It seeks to recognise 12th examination
academic excellence and
provide financial assistance to
eligible candidates for pursuing
higher education
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
97 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
People and culture
Sensitisation, collaboration,
Ecosystem collaborations
communication and recognition
ONEderful conversations − Collaboration with Gender − Incidents of sexual harassment
ONEderful Conversation is an in‑person Champion Consortium (GCC) – (POSH cases): 22 complaints filed
4‑hr engagement with identified Tata Motors signed an LOI with during FY25, of which, 1 is pending
people managers to build more the GCC, a collaborative council resolution as on March 31, 2025
informed understanding on Diversity, by SIAM (Society of Indian − T raining: About 40,400
Equity and Inclusion. In FY25, we Automobile Manufacturers), (cumulative) employees covered
have engaged 1306 people managers ACMA (Automotive Component through e‑learning modules and
out of an identified target group of Manufacturers Association), BMGF classroom/virtual sessions on POSH
1531 people managers, achieving (Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation) Awareness.
and GBL (Good Business Lab) to
85% coverage.
advance gender diversity in the Communication and annual
automotive sector. calendarised celebrations
Awards and recognition − Collaboration with United − DEIsha adda: We launched a
Nations Population Fund (UNFPA): monthly newsletter covering
Tata Motors formally signed an LOI DEI highlights from within the
Tata Motors won for adopting the United Nations’ organisation and global trends for
a DEI award in Sexual & Reproductive Health and awareness and inspiration.
December 2024 from Rights (SRHR) framework as an early − Regular calendarised celebrations:
adopter in India for better health Extensive celebrations were
the Confederation of
for women. planned with quarterly themes.
Indian Industry (CII) − POSH policy: The policy is in
EFI for the Company’s line with our commitment
towards gender inclusion and
commitment towards
diversity for creating a safe and
improving the metrics
secure workplace for all women
of Inclusion across its at the workplace, any breach
locations. The award of which is subject to strong
disciplinary actions.
was presented by the
Secretary, Ministry
of Labour and
Employment.
Tata Motors has been
honoured by The Times
Group as one of the
Best Organisations for
Women (BOW) 2025.
80th Integrated Annual Report
98
2024-25

Women of Tata Motors
9.4
%
Share of women in all management
positions, including junior, middle
and top management
11.4
%
Share of women in junior
management
11.1
%
Percentage of women in the
total workforce
5,200+
Female shopfloor technicians
5.4%
Share of women in top
management positions – L2+
162
People with Disabilities in
the Workforce
Building an inclusive workforce
Gender diversity on the
shopfloor (workers)
with PWD employees
11.4%
FY25 11.4%
In a significant move towards fostering diversity and inclusion, In FY25 TML has
onboarded 141 PWD candidates as cohorts across Pune, Jamshedpur, Lucknow
FY24 12% and Dharwad plants in core manufacturing areas. This initiative goes beyond
providing employment opportunities — it reflects our deepened commitment to
FY23 9% embracing diversity and upholding the dignity of every individual, even within core
manufacturing operations.
FY22 6%
141 Employees with PWDs on boarded in FY25
FY21 5%
in core manufacturing
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
99 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
People and culture
2 Succession planning and capability building
Consistent capability‑building Succession planning
initiatives are critical for navigating Organisation Talent Review (OTR) and Succession Planning are annual processes
this fast‑changing world. Learning at Tata Motors to review, identify and develop talent for leadership roles with the
and Development function addresses objective of ensuring management continuity – the right people taking up the right
this critical need through regular positions at the right time.
assessments of ‘in‑demand’
capabilities and the external Inputs from OTR and succession planning processes drive actionable development
environment and designs appropriate plans that are deployed to ensure qualitative completion of development goals of
initiatives for our workforce. successors through:
Experience Exposure Education
Over 1,200 projects
GEMS Projects, CFTs, deputation Formal learning
have been successfully
role enhancements interventions
completed under the
GEMS programme,
engaging and
GEMS: Going Extra Miles, Growing Beyond Boundaries
benefitting more than • The GEMS (Going Extra Miles) programme is a flagship initiative designed to
4,000 employees. foster cross‑functional learning and collaboration by enabling employees to
take on projects outside their primary roles. Through GEMS, employees can
apply to participate in short‑term, impactful projects across functions such
as Engineering, Operations, Product Line, Commercial, and more — gaining
exposure, broadening their perspectives, and contributing to strategic priorities
beyond their core responsibilities.
• Since its inception, over 1,200 projects have been successfully completed under
the GEMS programme, engaging and benefitting more than 4,000 employees.
GEMS continues to empower individuals to step outside their comfort zones,
enhance their skills, and drive a culture of continuous growth and collaboration.
80th Integrated Annual Report
100
2024-25

Building a future-ready workforce through higher education
• As part of our journey toward becoming a learning organisation, TML is deeply Currently, over 1,350
committed to enabling continuous growth and development for our employees. employees are pursuing
We actively support higher education programmes that empower individuals to
higher education
stay future‑ready and aligned with evolving business needs.
• Currently, over 1,350 employees are pursuing qualifications ranging from
Diploma to B.Tech, M.Tech, MBA, and even Ph.D. across diverse specialisations
such as AI/ML, EV Technology, Customer Excellence, and more. These
programmes not only enrich individual capability but also strengthen our
collective expertise as an organisation of lifelong learners.
Corporate Gurukul Learning Week
• The Corporate Gurukul Learning Week was a vibrant, week‑long initiative
aimed at driving growth, innovation, and transformation across all levels of the
organisation. Anchored in the theme ‘Learn – Celebrate – Transform,’ the event
offered a rich mix of learning opportunities spanning functional and professional
skills, behavioural development, and trending industry topics. The week featured
a variety of engaging formats, including immersive dealership‑based learning
experiences and thought‑provoking expert panel discussions. The initiative
saw enthusiastic participation from over 1,800 employees, making it a truly
organisation‑wide movement for continuous learning and development.
Leadership training
We address developmental focus areas for nominees of Succession Planning through customised programmes, partnering
with top global business schools and knowledge partners such as Tata Management Training Centre (TMTC), offering a
comprehensive blend of experience, exposure and education.
Technocrat Talent Transition
development development enablement
Leadership trails 2.0 Functional leadership Repurpose, Integrate, Shift, Evolve
Designed to equip senior leaders with Designed for Commercial and Product (RISE) Series
fresh insights on cultural enablers to Line Heads across businesses, to Designed to equip promotees (Levels
drive Tata Motors’ future growth phase. drive new business ideas, stakeholder 3‑5) with leadership behaviours aligned
management and future growth with the Company culture and business
Leadership quest and inner circle
The long‑term programme focused trajectories for Tata Motors vehicles. acumen to help them excel in their
on strategic renewal, innovation, new roles.
coaching, and digital transformation for
mid‑senior leaders.
Enhancing sustainability awareness
Execution of an internal certification
programme in partnership with
Sustainability team for organisation‑
wide leadership and HR leadership as
well. The programme was then opened
to other functional cohorts as well.
AI capability-building initiatives across
the organisation: Structured rollout
of AI awareness programmes (on LXP)
across various cohorts along with deep‑
dive AI trainings for various functions.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
101 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
People and culture
Organisation-wide training Learning and development metrics for FY25
programmes
For management
To ensure our organisation remains Initiatives in FY25 For technicians
staff employees
future‑ready, we consistently enhance
Person hours of training provided 3,27,471 14,99,829
functional, managerial, behavioural,
and leadership capabilities. The Tata Average training hours (hrs/full‑time employee) 25.28 32.97
Motors Academy develops modules
Average training hours (Male) 24.92 33.03
tailored to address the diverse
development needs of our workforce. Average training hours (Female) 28.50 32.57
Total amount spent on training and development I34.03 crore I5.5 crore
Average amount spent on training and development I27,059 I3,719
(INR/Full‑time employee)
Pillars:
Professional skills
development
Skills framework on MyLXP platform Skill-job alignment
Financial
functional skills
Personalised learning
Safety
functional skills
Comprehensive skills mapping
Career-focused development
Digital and
Industry 4.0
80th Integrated Annual Report
102
2024-25

Role-based organisational competencies
Career and
Hiring and Coaching and employee development Learning Job
onboarding engagement and retention framework strategy and plan descriptions
Competency based Focused discussions with Framework for identifying Overall learning Skill based JDs which
hiring with skill‑based employees, including skills gaps basis self objectives in line with include functional as well
questionnaires for individual needs, which assessment/ business objectives as behavioural
interviews. Helps new positively impacts assessment by supervisor. and how learning will skills along with
joiners understand engagement and Identifying employee be executed to build role purpose and
desired behaviours to retention. development required skills. responsibilities.
perform his/her roles and career progression.
effectively.
Thane
Phygital.ai Lab
As part of our commitment to invest in and leverage digital technologies and in
our pursuit of driving AI‑led transformation and building future‑ready capabilities,
Tata Motors has established Phygital.ai — a digital innovation and learning lab at
our Thane corporate office. With focus areas spanning across Artificial Intelligence,
Cyber Security, IoT, Customer Experience — the lab accelerates the creation of
intelligent, connected, and sustainable mobility solutions.
By embedding agility, collaboration, and rapid experimentation, Phygital.ai Lab is
shaping the digital and AI‑driven future of Tata Motors — advancing the vision of
‘Innovating Mobility, Redefining Tomorrow’.
Jamshedpur
Digital Experience Centre
An iFactory (Industry 4.0 solutions‑enabled smart factory) has been set up at
Jamshedpur plant, as part of the iFactory Network project under the aegis of the
Ministry of Heavy Industries (MHI), Scheme for Enhancement of Competitiveness in
the Capital Goods Sector ‑ Phase II. The Centre for Industry 4.0, Pune, spearheaded
by the Ministry of Heavy Industries (MHI), implemented the project.
Co‑creating Accelerating Unlocking digital
the future of Industry 4.0 transformation
manufacturing technologies
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
103 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
ygetarts
ssenisuB

TML
People and culture
F ostering strong industrial relations
3
and building a skilled talent pool
Employee relations Wage settlement
Strong employee relations form the bedrock of sustained growth and operational Tata Motors fosters strong and
excellence in our organisation. We have established workmen unions across seven collaborative industrial relations
of our plants (Except Dharwad site), which actively engage in Joint Forums meetings with its seven employee unions,
with the Management at multiple levels. These forums serve as a platform for representing over 15,000 technicians.
constructive dialogue and joint resolution of concerns related to workmen. Our Open dialogue, mutual respect, and
commitment to our workforce goes beyond daily operations. We ensure: joint forums help address challenges
and align on shared goals. In FY25,
• Social protection coverage for the workmen
five long‑term, productivity‑linked
• Wages aligned with industry benchmarks, ensuring fairness
settlements were successfully signed at
and competitiveness
Lucknow, Sanand‑1, Sanand‑2, TMBSL
• Capability building initiatives aimed at preparing our teams for future industrial
Lucknow and Dharwad — reflecting
transitions and technological shifts. Our 100% sponsored higher education
our commitment to inclusive growth,
programme for workmen is designed to support their aspirations for growth
future‑readiness, and sustained
and prepare them for higher roles
partnership between management
Our reward and recognition framework is designed to promote fairness and equity, and workforce.
ensuring the uniform application of remuneration guidelines.
Kaushalya programme
• The Kaushalya programme is a key initiative by TML aimed at upskilling the
workforce in emerging automotive technologies such as electric vehicles (EVs)
and automation. It bridges the gap between traditional learning and hands‑on
industry skills, enhancing employability and supporting long‑term talent needs
in the automotive ecosystem.
• Over the past three years, the programme has benefitted more than 16,000
individuals, achieving 23% gender diversity through the ‘Earn and Learn’
initiative, which enables ITI and 12th‑pass graduates to pursue fully sponsored
Diplomas in ‘Mechatronics Engineering’ and ‘Automobile Manufacturing
Technology’. A pilot batch of 76 Persons with Disabilities (PwD) trainees has
also been inducted into this programme at Pune and Jamshedpur.
• With a 97% placement rate (1,672 trainees), Kaushalya programme promotes
inclusion, industry‑readiness, and career growth.
Lakshya programme
• The Lakshya programme is a • Launched as a pilot in FY25, the
strategic ‘Earn and Learn’ initiative programme offers aspirational
by Tata Motors designed to roles such as ‘Shop‑Floor
provide diploma graduates with Operating Engineer’ and ‘Front‑
the opportunity to pursue a BTech end Commercial’, with structured
in ‘Engineering Technology’ from pathways for career advancement.
premier institutes while working In addition to nurturing future‑
at Tata Motors. ready talent, Lakshya programme
aims to build a strong, sustainable
talent pipeline to support
the organisation’s evolving
business needs.
80th Integrated Annual Report
104
2024-25

Full-time apprentice (FTA) scheme Utkarsha and Vidyadhan — Driving shopfloor excellence
As part of our strategic initiative Empowering the future of our through self-directed teams and
to build a robust talent pipeline employees’ families self-managed teams
for Manufacturing, Quality, and As an organisation committed to • At Tata Motors, we continue to
Service functions, we operate the inclusive growth and the upliftment nurture a culture of ownership,
Full‑Time Apprentice (FTA) Scheme of our extended workforce families, accountability, and empowerment
under the Apprenticeship Act, we launched two meaningful on the shopfloor through the
1961. This two‑year programme schemes — Utkarsha and Vidyadhan implementation of Self‑Directed
is focused on developing skilled — focused on empowering the Teams (SDTs) and Self‑Managed
craftsmen in emerging and high‑ wards of our technician employees Teams (SMTs). These teams,
demand fields such as Auto Electrical through education. independently run by technicians
& Electronics, Mechatronics, and and contract workmen, are
• Under the Utkarsha programme,
High Voltage Systems (EV). FTAs central to driving performance
we provide scholarships for
are trained to become integral and fostering a participative work
the daughters of technician
contributors to our operations, with environment across our plants.
employees. So far, 524 girls have
future‑focused trades like Vehicle • Operating with a high degree of
benefitted from this initiative,
Software Technicians and Additive autonomy, SDTs and SMTs are
with a total disbursement of I1.3
Manufacturing Technicians currently empowered to take proactive
crore, helping them pursue their
being developed in collaboration with ownership of critical pillars such
academic aspirations.
government agencies. as Safety, Quality, Productivity,
• Through the Vidyadhan
Delivery, Cost, Morale, and
programme, in partnership with
The programme combines rigorous Environment (SQPDCME) within
the State Bank of India (SBI) the
technical training at our plant‑based their work areas. This structure
largest bank in India, we facilitate
training centres, hands‑on experience enables team members to identify
education loans at concessional
in manufacturing environments, opportunities, solve problems at
interest rates for higher education.
and exposure to service operations. the source, and take swift action
To date, I1.38 crore in loans has
A comprehensive governance aligned with organisational goals.
been granted to 77 students under
framework ensures that apprentices • Beyond operational efficiency, this
this scheme.
are monitored for academic initiative significantly enhances
performance, practical skills, These initiatives reflect our continued engagement and collaboration
discipline, and development of soft commitment to education, equity, with our business partners,
skills. We currently have 216 FTAs in and empowerment for our extended reinforcing mutual respect, shared
the programme, with 50% women TML family. responsibility, and transparency.
(diversity) representation. Additionally, • The culture of SDTs and SMTs
four out of six manufacturing locations ensures that the Company’s
have an all‑women FTA batch. Balanced Scorecard (BSC),
objectives, and communication
In addition to core technical expertise, are effectively cascaded to every
apprentices receive training in safety, individual on the ground.
communication, problem‑solving, • This bottom‑up approach
TQM, Kaizen, WCQ, and other is a cornerstone in our
operational excellence methodologies. journey toward operational
Upon successful completion, excellence, sustainable growth,
top‑performers are offered roles in and building a truly agile,
key operational functions and are empowered organisation.
supported by the Company’s Pragati
higher education programme, ensuring
continuous career growth within
the organisation.
We have 216 FTAs in We continue to nurture
K
the programme, with To date, 1.38 crore in a culture of ownership,
50% representation of loans has been granted accountability, and
women, highlighting our to 77 students under empowerment on the
commitment to diversity. this scheme. shopfloor.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
105 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
People and culture
Drishti 2.0 for technicians People integration A win-win cultural assimilation
Tata Motors has developed Drishti and growth A blend of best practices from
2.0, a mobile app designed specifically Following its successful acquisition and both companies was adopted, with
for technicians. The app helps them assimilation into Tata Motors, the new an emphasis on Ford’s strengths.
with basic HR and admin tasks by Sanand facility has now transitioned The Sanand plant now operates under
giving them easy, on‑the‑go access into full‑fledged production. an ‘inverted pyramid’ structure,
to payslips, leave cards, and travel This marks a significant milestone in empowering staff and fostering
expense submissions. This streamlines our growth journey. a ‘Serve and Care’ environment.
processes and frees up valuable work This shift from a command‑and‑control
time. The platform fosters continuous To enable a seamless integration and model has resulted in a leaner
learning through bite‑sized video empower the workforce, multiple staff structure.
modules, enhancing skill development. initiatives have been rolled out across
Digital notice boards ensure clear key focus areas — Culture, Capability
communication across the shop floor. Building, Higher Education, Health
Drishti 2.0 reflects TML’s commitment & Well‑being, and Collaboration
to a dynamic and empowered work & Communication. These efforts are
environment through technology. aimed at fostering a cohesive work
environment, aligned with Tata Motors’
values, and building a future‑ready,
engaged workforce.
RESPONSIBILITIES Inverted Pyramid Concept
Run the Line
Production Maintenance Manufacturing
Team Member
Work Teams Work Teams Work Groups
(PWT) (MWT) (MWG)
Coach, Change Senior Managers
Maintenance FPIG Production
the Culture &
Develop Team Team Member
Shop Head
Remove Internal
& External
Plant Head General Managers
Barriers by
Getting Resources
& Aligning
Objectives
SUPPORT FUNCTIONS (SKILL TEAMS)
CENTRAL
ME QC HR MAINTENANCE FINANCE SCM
80th Integrated Annual Report
106
2024-25

Wellness at Tata Motors
Employee well‑being remains a key pillar of our people strategy. Under our Health TML received ‘Corporate
& Wellness initiatives, we have adopted a comprehensive, prevention‑focused Wellbeing Excellence
approach to promote long‑term physical and mental health.
Award’ by jury members
of Global Mental Health
• Through primordial prevention measures such as digital wellness programmes,
cardiac Q risk assessments, wellness coaching, and canteen menu & Wellbeing Summit in
transformation, we are building a foundation for healthier lifestyles. March 2025.
• Primary prevention initiatives — including tobacco cessation, weight
management, and pre‑diabetes detection — aim to address health risks early.
• The secondary prevention efforts like stress testing and chronic disease control
help in effective monitoring and timely intervention.
These layered, holistic strategies have contributed to a marked improvement in
the overall health and well‑being of our employees, reinforcing our commitment to
thriving, future‑ready and future‑fit workforce.
01 03 04
Secondary prevention Primordial prevention Business partner dignity
programmes programmes programmes
Diabetes: 6 healthy menu Health check‑ups:
96.9% employees in changes effected across 11493
controlled status TML locations
Cases of diabetes and
1800 people covered hypertension detected:
under digital wellness 434
02
drive
Primary prevention
programmes Free consultation and
9241 employees treatment at plant
Pre‑diabetes:
participated in ‘My OHCs: 18843
2.3 % converted to
Heart Wellness drive’
diabetes (Population
average 5‑10% every
495 employees with
year) 05
high/moderate risk Emotional well-being
detected/counselled programmes
Tobacco cessation:
44 employees quit Awareness programme
99% Annual Health
tobacco attendance:
check coverage
5158
Confidential counselling
sessions availed:
1037
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
107 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
People and culture
Fostering leadership in
4
Health and Safety
Tata Motors operates with the unwavering belief that Safety & Wellbeing is not
just a priority, but a non‑negotiable condition of doing business. This commitment
is embedded across all business verticals — from manufacturing and mobility
services to product development and after‑sales. Our organisation is guided by a
robust ISO 45001:2018‑aligned Occupational Health & Safety Management System
(OHSMS) and a multi‑tiered Safety, Health & Sustainability (SHS) governance
framework, ensuring leadership accountability and safety integration from
boardrooms to shop floors and safety is integrated into every decision, operation,
and engagement.
In a validation of Tata Motors’ progress toward safety maturity, an external agency
dss+ conducted a Rapid Safety System Assessment across four pillars: Leadership,
Integrated Governance, Incident Management, and Business Partner Management
in FY25 and observed strong strategic intent, robust governance alignment, and
visible leadership commitment across all levels.
In FY25, Tata Motors partnered with dss+ to conduct a Rapid Safety System
Assessment across four pillars: Leadership, Integrated Governance, Incident
Management, and Business Partner Management. dss+ observed strong strategic
intent, robust governance alignment, and visible leadership commitment across all
levels—validating Tata Motors’ progress toward safety maturity.
Tata Motors continues to lead by example, integrating safety into its culture, strategy, and digital transformation roadmap.
Our approach combines leadership‑driven governance, smart technology, and employee ownership to realise our aspiration of
a Zero Harm workplace — future‑ready, responsible, and resilient.
T&CB
AECT
AUDITS (Action Employee Can Take) (Training & Capability Building)
Business Partner Standard & Procedure SO
(Contractor) Safety (Safety Observation)
Management
80th Integrated Annual Report
108
2024-25
notiagtisevnI
tnedicnI
Analysis
HIRA
&
Job
Safety

Safety priorities and strategic focus
Institutionalised the Safety Culture Model and built up eight Key Leadership Behaviours on safety to build zero harm culture.
Safety Culture Model
Visible
Artifacts
and Tangible
Less visible
but can be
Espoused Values
talked about
Usually not visible
Basic
Assumptions at all, often held
& Beliefs
subconsciously
Unconscious belief
that determines
how we perceive,
Culture Maturity
think and feel
Leadership behaviors on safety
Business partner (Contractor) safety
Felt leadership management: Reinforced with systemic
programmes, competency requirements,
site audits. SMT (Self‑Managed Team) way of
working incorporated – 169 SMTs operating
Continuous communication on safety practices & nine cardinal rules
across TML. Star Rating Categorisation – 5 Star
Rating System linked with Pre‑qualification
process established. 371 Business Partners
Feedback and reporting through layered audit & line walks and 40 Logistics Service Providers categorised.
Digital and AI for safety: Leveraged for
real‑time hazard detection using video
Empowerment analytics, connected worker solutions,
biometric authorisation, and remote asset
monitoring. Five themes developed –
Video Analytics, Connected Workforce,
Ensuring business partner dignity
Connected Assets, Safety Management
Systems & Experiential Learning. Video
Analytics – 23 AI Models have been developed
Reward and recognition for real time hazard identification.
Reward and recognition culture:
Programmes initiated across levels to
Encourage safety training and capability building promote safe behaviour, safety excellence,
of employees and business partners and continuous engagement.
Future-ready safety standards:
16 revised safety standards were introduced
Priority in providing resources to address emerging risks related to EVs,
Hydrogen, LNG, Chemical Safety, and
Renewable Energy.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
109 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
elbisiV
elbisivnI
erutluC
lanotiasinagrO
erutluC
lanotiasinagrO

TML
People and culture
Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment (HIRA) All SIF (Serious Injury and Fatality)
scenarios are tracked under
At Tata Motors, safety is a core organisational value and a strategic business
structured Red and Blue Corner
priority. Tata Motors implements a systematic and dynamic HIRA process to
Recommendations, with 100%
proactively identify, assess, and control workplace hazards. This approach is
closure of Red Corner actions,
fundamental to driving a Zero Harm Culture and forms the backbone of our safety
ensuring complete risk elimination
risk management framework.
and cross‑functional deployment of
corrective actions.
All worker activities are mapped and assessed based on task complexity, incident
history, and operational exposure. Risk Levels are categorised as Trivial, Tolerable,
Technology-driven risk control
Moderate, Substantial, or Intolerable, and risk levels are determined using severity
AI‑based video analytics and
and likelihood matrices.
connected workforce systems were
deployed in hazardous zones to detect
Enhanced controls at Critical to Safety (CTS) stations
unsafe conditions in real time and
enhance preventive risk management.
Accelerating these initiatives
Targets Progress
The HIRA process is tightly integrated
Critical to Safety Station (CTS) Parameters into safety governance and operational
Total CTS Stations 1,203 decision‑making, especially in high‑risk
S1 (Administrate control) established 4,157 areas such as EV battery handling,
Hydrogen fuel systems, and LNG
S2 (Engineering control) established 2,797
operations — positioning Tata Motors
S3 (fail safe control) established 1,161 as future‑ready and risk‑resilient.
Business Partner Safety Management (BPSM)
(Vehicle movement & conservancy activities)
Administrate controls established 360
Engineering controls established 163
Serious Injury and Fatal Observation (SIF)
No of SIF observation closed We are monitoring all under Red &
Blue corner recommendations
Red Corner Recommendations
Red Corner recommendation closure 100%
80th Integrated Annual Report
110
2024-25

Safety Governance Framework • We have a robust governance mechanism to monitor occupational health and
Our Safety Governance Framework safety, whereby reviews are conducted at multiple levels. Safety performance
has been developed to institutionalise is embedded in both corporate and plant‑level Balanced Scorecards (BSC) and is
safety leadership, ensure statutory measured through the Proactive Safety Index (PSI) II, which emphasises leading
compliance, drive excellence in safety indicators and preventive actions.
performance, and build a culture
of prevention and care across all Roles and responsibilities
our business verticals — including Role Responsibility
Commercial Vehicles (CV), Passenger
(SHS) Safety, Health and Sustainability Strategic oversight and governance
Vehicles (PV), Electric Mobility (EV),
Committee of the Board
subsidiaries, supply chain partners, and
dealer networks. Executive Leadership (MD/ED) Drive top‑down accountability, review
safety scorecard & PSI
Objective Corporate Safety Develop policies, coordinate audits, build
To embed a robust, accountable, and capability, digitalise safety
transparent safety governance model Plant & Business Unit Heads Own site‑level safety performance
across Tata Motors’ ecosystem that:
Employees/Business Partner Deploy and participate in
safety initiatives
• Aligns safety with business strategy
• Enables leadership‑driven
safety ownership
• Ensures compliance with all
regulatory and legal requirements
• Fosters a culture of proactive
risk management and
continuous improvement
Governance structure
and oversight
Board-Level Oversight
• SHS Committee of the Board
(Safety, Health, and Sustainability)
conducts quarterly reviews of
safety performance, initiatives, and
incident reports
• Chairman’s and Executive Director’s
Safety Report is prepared annually
to reflect safety progress and
strategic alignment
Executive Safety Governance/
SHS Councils
• TML Safety Council meets monthly
for CV and PV verticals to review
safety KPIs, high‑potential
incidents, audit findings, and action
taken reports
• Corporate Safety Function
facilitates, monitors, and reports
across business units, aligning
safety goals and initiatives with
corporate vision
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
111 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
People and culture
Policies, standards, Capability building and training • Integration of safety analytics
and systems • Role‑wise structured Safety with SAFETY PORTAL and other
• Corporate‑wide adoption of Training Calendar (frontline to business platforms
TML‑DuPont Integrated Safety leadership)
Management System (ISMS) • Mandatory Induction Programmes, Business Partner (Contractor)
• Corporate Safety Subcommittees: Toolbox Talks, Behavioral Safety Management
To ensure seamless execution Safety Modules • Uniform onboarding, induction, and
and effective monitoring of safety • Development of e‑modules and capability verification systems
standards and initiatives across digital content on MyLxP platform • Periodic Joint Safety Reviews with
the organisation, Tata Motors has contractors and suppliers
Culture and engagement
institutionalised five Corporate • Integration of contractor
Safety Subcommittees, each • Celebration of National Safety safety performance into
focusing on a key functional area: Month, Road Safety Month, and overall scorecards
customised campaigns
− Standards and Procedures
• Safety recognitions, awards, and
Subcommittee Continuous improvement
Kaizen competitions
− Safety Observation (SO) • Periodic Safety Culture Surveys • Action closure tracking from SHS/
Subcommittee and deployment of Safety Culture Board meetings, SHS Councils,
audits, and investigations
− Business Partner Safety Maturity Models
Management (BPSM) • Participation in external
Subcommittee Digital safety and innovation assessments (Golden Peacock,
− Training and Capability Building • Centralised Safety Data Portal with OHSSAI)
Subcommittee audit trails and action tracking • Cross‑functional safety
− Incident Investigation and • Adoption of AI‑based hazard sub‑committees and
Learning Subcommittee detection, geo‑fencing, wearables, improvement projects
and IoT solutions in pilot/
These subcommittees comprise
scale‑up mode
representatives from corporate and
plant functions and are empowered
to drive standardisation, knowledge
sharing, process improvement,
and governance in their
respective domains.
Risk management and audit
• Regular 2nd party safety audits
driven by Corporate Safety
• Risk‑based inspection protocols and
hazard identification processes
• Quarterly incident analysis and
closure follow‑up, including
L1‑L3 reviews
Performance monitoring
and reporting
• Digital Safety Dashboards and
Analytics for real‑time visibility
• Key Metrics: PSI‑ II, TRC FR, LTIFR,
Near Misses, Unsafe Acts, Safety
Training Hours
• Reporting aligned to BRSR, TBEM,
and Integrated Annual Reports
80th Integrated Annual Report
112
2024-25

Tata Motors’ Safety Governance Framework enables a 360‑degree integration of safety across strategic, operational,
and cultural dimensions. It reflects our commitment to protecting people, assets, reputation, and the environment
while driving operational excellence and sustainable growth.
Total recordable case frequency Employees registered on Loss Time Injury
rate EAP portal Frequency rate
(Injury rate) (No.) (Injury rate)
0.47 7,237 0.13
FY25 0.47 FY25 7,237 FY25 0.13
FY24 0.66 FY24 6,803 FY24 0.20
FY23 0.56 FY23 6,662 FY23 0.13
H&S training sessions Safety observation rounds Fatality
(No.) (No.) (No.)
13,733 1,37,718 1
FY25 13,733 FY25 1,37,718 FY25 1
FY24 12,569 FY24 2,82,892 FY24 2
FY23 9,910 FY23 1,58,138 FY23 0
Training hours
(No.)
9,24,398
FY25 9,24,398
FY24 8,49,534
FY23 7,54,527
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
113 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
People and culture
Advancing safety standards led to a notable reduction in injuries. (SDT) achievements and risk
towards achieving zero harm Initiatives like Drive Zero focused perception training reinforced
Tata Motors remains steadfast in on high‑risk areas such as defensive capability‑building and
fostering a world‑class safety culture, driving and pre‑use safety checks. frontline ownership.
prioritising the well‑being of our
employees and stakeholders across all On the digital front, we continued Despite our ongoing efforts,
facets of operations. Our commitment advancing the use of AI and video we regret to announce that there
was prominently reflected during the analytics‑based applications for was one workplace‑related fatal
2023 Tata Group Workshop, where predictive safety insights. Our long‑ incident during FY25. The incident
safety discussions with the Chairman term Business Partner Strategy was thoroughly investigated, and
took centre stage. includes integrated Business Partner systemic corrective actions were
(Contractor) Safety Management, implemented company‑wide to
Throughout FY25, the Zero Incident ensuring clear accountability and prevent recurrence.
Plan continued to be a cornerstone optimal utilisation of safety resources.
of our safety strategy, comprising 31 Our TRCFR trend continues to
focused themes and 51 major actions, Engagement with business partners reflect a significant long‑term
each led by a senior leader to ensure remained a critical focus area. improvement, declining from 1.39
sustained effectiveness. Targeted initiatives like Contractor in FY21 to 0.47 in FY25 Actuals,
Employee Safety Drives addressed representing a 29% improvement
A robust governance framework high‑risk categories, while structured from 0.66 in FY24. Additionally, the
supports multi‑tier safety reviews: engagements improved safety Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate
ownership and visibility. (LTIFR) for FY25 was 0.13, a 35%
• The SHS Committee of the Board
reduction compared to 0.20 in
serves as the apex review body. Under the People and Performance FY24. These results highlight Tata
• Monthly reviews are conducted theme, we continued to empower Motors’ continued commitment to
by the SHE Councils and Apex our workforce through structured strengthening safety standards and
Committees at each plant. training programmes, leadership reducing workplace injuries.
• Dedicated safety assessments are communication, and recognition
also undertaken at defined intervals initiatives. Self‑Directed Team
in non‑manufacturing functions,
including Customer Service and
Warehouse operations.
To reinforce our commitment to a
strong safety culture, we engaged
external experts DSS+ to conduct a
rapid safety assessment across select
plants. This initiative helped us identify
actionable gaps and strengthen our
overall approach to safety.
Our strategy was centred around
proactive governance and building
a Zero Harm Culture by reinforcing
visible safety leadership behaviours
across all levels of the organisation.
In Operations and Risk Management,
our Critical to Safety (CTS) and
Model Areas Initiative demonstrated
exemplary leadership engagement,
with strong adherence to safety
protocols and behaviours.
Systematic hazard identification and
risk mitigation efforts at CTS stations
80th Integrated Annual Report
114
2024-25

Awards and recognition
Tata Motors has been recognised for its unwavering commitment to These recognitions are a testament
safety and operational excellence at the OHSSAI Global Conclave 2025 to our collective efforts and
& HSSAI Annual Awards. We are proud to have received the following continued progress in embedding
prestigious accolades: a strong health and safety
culture across our operations.
Congratulations to all for this
outstanding achievement.
HSE&S
Gold Award HSE&S Mentor
Leadership As we move into FY25, we remain
in Safety Award
Award resolute in our commitment
to safety excellence. Through
strategic actions, leadership
involvement, and a strengthened
(Large – Manufacturing: Mr. Girish Wagh Mr. Vishal Badshah governance framework, Tata Motors
Automobile) continues its journey toward a
Zero Harm workplace.
In addition, Tata Motors has been honoured with the Golden Peacock
Occupational Health & Safety Award 2024 by the Institute of Directors, India.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
115 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

The community is not
just another stakeholder
in the business but is, in
fact, the very purpose of
its existence.
India’s ability to reduce poverty and inequality in the next two
decades is critical for global prosperity. We have an unprecedented
chance to use tools like AI and public data infrastructure to address
development gaps, and to scale local solutions when it comes to
challenges like climate adaptation. At the same time, India is the
first country in the world to enshrine corporate giving into law.
Long before corporate giving became law, the Tata Group has
played a pivotal role in India’s development journey, shaping the
nation through institution‑building and contributions to economic
and social progress. Today, the Group is leveraging technology and
innovation to tackle emerging challenges such as climate change
and environmental conservation, while continuing to deepen its
efforts within communities to solve complex social challenges like
access to education and healthcare.
Between FY21 and FY25, the Tata Group invested over
I
7,550 crore ($1 Bn) in corporate social responsibility initiatives.
In FY25 alone, the Tata Group’s CSR initiatives impacted over
five million lives across the country — a testament to the Group’s
continued commitment to driving sustainable and equitable
development. As our philanthropic scope has matured and
advanced, so has our approach. Today, we differentiate our efforts
by solving complex problems at scale; serving the underserved;
harmonising people and planet; and harnessing technology to
amplify indigenous solutions.
80th Integrated Annual Report
116
2024-25
sevitaitinI
puorG

Solving complex challenges at scale Serving the underserved From indigenous innovation
With a proven legacy of social impact Communities and their well‑being have to impact
and our footprint of existing operations always been integral to our commitment The Group believes technology designed
in India and globally, we are uniquely to building strong links between our in partnership with communities can
positioned to drive large‑scale, businesses and social responsibility. amplify indigenous and grassroots‑
transformative change through our We deepen this commitment by level innovative solutions that can help
philanthropic initiatives. Through prioritising geographies and Groups that bridge gaps in education, healthcare,
long‑term, lifecycle investments in have been historically excluded from and climate resilience. From designing
health, education, community well‑ mainstream development. Using the curricula to train visually impaired
being and economic empowerment Tata Affirmative Action Policy (TAAP), students to use AI to monitoring
‑ our big bets ‑ we aspire to catalyse the Group has created pathways for water levels in community‑managed
change that can break intergenerational inclusive growth and long‑term impact, watershed structures using satellite
cycles of poverty and create long‑term, reflecting its commitment to fostering and drone imagery and leveraging
sustainable impact. equity and opportunity. technology to enhance access to primary
health care services – Tata Group
Tata Steel’s Project MANSI (Maternal Tata AutoComp’s Café Dil and IHCL’s companies are taking pioneering
and Newborn Survival Initiative) trains Blind Bakes Café are initiatives that steps to integrate new and emerging
and equips social health workers (ASHA) empower neurodivergent and visually technologies into our work with
to provide life‑saving maternal and impaired youths by providing hands‑ communities. Through learning‑led
newborn care. MANSI now covers 1,700 on skilling in barista training, café explorations and partnerships with
villages across Jharkhand and Odisha management, and social interaction. leading technology service providers,
and is significantly improving maternal These initiatives create real‑world innovators, and institutions, AI and
and child health services in remote employment opportunities while technology are poised to become an
areas. Tata Motors runs the Malnutrition promoting corporate sensitivity and even more instrumental part of our CSR
Treatment Centre (MTC) in Jharkhand inclusive workforce practices. programming over the next few years.
with the state government.
Titan Kanya has empowered over Harmonising people and planet
65,000 young women through quality The Tata Group is committed to
learning opportunities since 2013, while climate action and community‑centric,
TCS’s Literacy as a Service (LaaS) has nature‑based solutions, integrating
scaled to reach more than one million environmental stewardship into its CSR
people, fostering lifelong learning and initiatives. Through programmes like
economic empowerment. Tata Capital’s Jalodhari, Tata Consumer
Products Limited’s Jal Aadhar and
Our skilling programme, Tata STRIVE, has Tata Power’s Amrutdhara, Tata Group
focused on providing underprivileged companies work to enhance water
communities access to quality skill conservation, restore ecosystems,
training with an aim to enable livelihood and improve climate resilience in
linkages. The programme has touched communities. The Vahli Whale Shark
over 1.8 million lives across 21 states Conservation by Tata Chemicals
over the past decade. has rescued and rehabilitated over
970 whale sharks along Gujarat’s
coast, a benchmark for community‑
driven conservation.
$1 Bn 35
spent over the past five years Indian States and UTS
>5 Mn lives 5
impacted in FY24 by CSR Continents
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
117 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
Community
resilience
FY25 Crafting new pathways to build
highlights* sustainable communities
Building on the momentum of the potential to leverage more
impacting over one million lives government schemes in the Company’s
14.78 in the previous year, in FY25 CSR programmes.
lakh
Tata Motors embarked on an
Similarly, we replicated our flagship
audacious journey of evolving
Beneficiaries Covered IVDP in Shravasti, Uttar Pradesh —
from location‑based approach
ranked lowest in the socio‑economic
to national level programme to
development indicators by NITI Aayog.
achieve economies of scale to
I foster deeper engagement with the While we continue to create
40
underserved communities. sustainable impact in the communities
crore
we serve, through these new
Inspired by this tangible
Total CSR Spend projects we shall reach the most
impact, Tata Motors is forging
vulnerable and untapped communities
strategic partnerships with
and geographies.
state governments, unlocking
116
CSR Projects
*Includes TML & TMPVL
80th Integrated Annual Report
118
2024-25

• Cover touchpoints in human life cycle starting
Human Life Cycle from health of a malnourished child to
Approach education, employability and employment for a
sustainable livelihood
• Reaching more geographies and impacting more
people through collaborations and partnerships,
More from
e.g., Leveraged Maharashtra government’s Gal
Less For More
Mukt Dharan, Gal Yukt Shivar Yojana to rejuvenate
356 water bodies
• Engage with under‑served communities like
migrants, transgenders, waste pickers, etc
Focus on Inclusion
• Engage with most deprived and aspirational
geographies for deeper and larger impact
• Leveraging government schemes, investments in
people and technology brings scale and efficiency
Scale & Efficiencies to the CSR programmes
• IVDP programme expanded from one gram
panchayat to four states
• Using technology‑enabled tools and app‑based
platforms for monitoring and evaluation
Measuring Impact and
• Undertake a third‑party assessment of CSR
Digital Integration
programmes and evaluate Social Return
on Investment
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
119 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
Principles
Guiding

TML
Community resilience
Focus areas
Aarogya
For a healthier India
Address child malnutrition
Preventive and curative health services
Health awareness
Aarogya
Taking a decisive stride to combat malnutrition, CSR team at
Sanand partnered with local administration and adopted 506
severely malnourished children across 108 government run
Anganwadis to provide comprehensive care and nutritional
support and community‑based interventions. 89% children
have successfully recovered and are now healthy.
CSR Team at Pantnagar established two Parvarish Kendras
in the slums reporting the highest number of malnourished
children, after understanding the community’s challenge in
tackling malnutrition.
6.66
lakh
Healthcare beneficiaries
Vidyadhanam
For an educated India
Special coaching for secondary and higher secondary
government school students
Prepare students for medical and engineering exams
Financial support & scholarships
School infrastructure improvement
Vidyadhanam
Alligned with the ‘National Education Policy’ 2020, the Company
partnered with Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti (NVS) to establish
25 ‘Automotive Skill Labs’ at Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas
(JNVs) to provide secondary and senior secondary students
with essential subject knowledge, hands‑on skills, and valuable
industry exposure — all within the school premises.
Post‑schooling, the students were provided an opportunity to
enrol for a Diploma in Manufacturing Technology, including
a full stipend and on‑the‑job training at Tata Motors’
manufacturing facilities. Those interested in continuing with
1.68 Tata Motors can pursue a BTech in engineering — a 3.5‑year
lakh
executive education programme in collaboration with select
Children educated engineering institutes — leading to permanent employment
after five years.
80th Integrated Annual Report
120
2024-25

Kaushalya
For a skilled India
Training in auto and technical trades
Training in agriculture and allied trades
for supplemental income generation
through agriculture
Training in non-auto trades
Kaushalya
‘Earn and Learn’ apprenticeship provides
students with hands‑on specialised training in
the automotive sector. Inspiring girls to break
conventional norms and join the automotive
sector, Tata Motors started All – Girls batch
in Motor Mechanic Vehicle (MMV) training
programme at Jamshedpur.
Similarly, Learn Earn and Progress (LEAP)
0.35 imparts auto skills training to the youth, most of
lakh trainees
whom are school dropouts.
Beneficiaries of skills‑based trainings
Vasundhara
For a greener India
Unique agro-forestry model links plantation
to sustainable livelihood
Building micro-habitats for diverse varieties
of flora and fauna
Environment awareness
Vasundhara
In 2018, Tata Motors launched an agro‑forestry
plantation model, promoting sustainable
livelihoods in one block in Palghar Distrcit of
Maharashtra. Emerging from a participatory
model, the Wadi project aims to ensure that
high‑yielding fruit and forestry trees provide
economic benefits for the rural and tribal
communities for the next 5 to 10 years,
thus providing them with food and income
security and arresting migration. Till date,
1.74 around 18,000 farmers have benefitted trough
lakh
10.3 this project.
lakh
People Sensitised on
Trees planted Environmental issues
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
121 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

TML
Community resilience
Rural development*
Convergence Model leverages government schemes
Empower communities and local institutions
Support administration for community mobilisation
and capacity building
Integrated rural development programme
First launched in Palghar in 2018, Tata Motors has expanded the Integrated
Village Development Programme across geographies. Amongst the early
beneficiaries, farmers like Chandrakant Andher from Jawhar is one among the
many Lakhpati farmers who have benefitted through multiple intervention s
and leveraged government schemes to enhance their quality of life.
Similarly, CSR team at Pune, under its IVDP at Ambegaon, has implemented a
solar irrigation on 30‑32 acres of farmland. Farmers who were first to adopt ar e
seeing their expenses decline and reporting almost double the incom efrom
I60,000 to I1,60,000.
Taking a decisive stride, Tata Motors is replicating the IVDP
programme in Shravasti (UP), ranked lowest amongst socio‑economic
development indicators.
Water Project*
Sumant Moolgaokar Development Foundation –
Access to safe drinking water
Rejuvenation of water bodies
Leveraging government schemes
Improving water security and accessibility
Tata Motors partnered with the Government of Maharashtra
to rejuvenate and restore 356 water bodies in water stressed
regions across 10 districts. Leveraging the government’s
water security scheme, the initiative enhanced the water
capacity by 700 crore litres and benefitted 7,000 farmers.
Tata Motors through its National Drinking Water Programme
named ‘Amrutdhara’, through Sumant Moolgaokar
Development Foundation, is committed to provide ‘water
security’ to the citizens residing in water stressed hamlets
of our country. Started in 2010, Amrutdhara builds wells,
water reservoirs, helps recharge ground water and revive
old water management systems. Till date, the programme
356 700
crore has impacted over 4 lakh communities (mostly tribal
communities) across more than 1,000 villages in India.
Water bodies rejuvenated litres
*4.35 L beneficiaries benefitting from both programmes
80th Integrated Annual Report
122
2024-25

Aadhar
Affirmative Action
Equal opportunities to individuals from SC ST,
Women and Persons with Disabilities (PWD) for
employment and business associations based
on merit, cost and quality
Positive discrimination for SC and ST
communities – Employment, Entrepreneurship,
CSR Programmes
Aadhar
The guidance provided by the Tata Group and the
Company’s Affirmative Action Policy encourages
it to strive to create a more inclusive society.
Collectively christened, Aadhar, the key attribute
of this programme is positive discrimination
in favour of youth from Affirmative Action
communities, which comprise Scheduled (SC)
and Scheduled Tribes (ST) to address existing
social inequalities in our country. It empowers
56
% socially marginalised communities in the the
areas of Education, Employment, Employability,
Beneficiaries belong to
Entrepreneurship and Essential Enablers.
SC/ST communities
Employee volunteering
Employees, retirees and families volunteer for
social causes
Through Pro-Engage, employees contribute their
professional skills for six months
Participation in Tata Volunteering Week in the
month of March and September
Seva
A team from Pune volunteered to conduct a need
assessment study at the IVDP programme. They
raised funds to purchase smoke‑free chullas and
helped install five streetlights in the village in the
tribal village of Kushire gram panchayat.
Likewise, over 200 employees in Dharwad joined
a cleanliness drive in Kurubatti Village. While,
more than 100 employees from Lucknow provided
career guidance to the students of Udyog Ashram
Inter College.
2 19,280
lakh
Volunteering hours Employee participation
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
123 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Tata Affirmative Action
Programme (TAAP)
The Tata Affirmative Action Programme (TAAP) refers to initiatives
by Tata Companies in India for greater inclusion of disadvantaged
sections of society. TAAP focuses on groups which have been
socially and economically disadvantaged due to historical reasons/
displacement. Their access to opportunities, services and benefits
in society are limited and therefore they are socially excluded.
In TAAP, the current focus includes the Scheduled Castes,
Scheduled Tribes, Persons with Disabilities and women from
marginalised communities. As the name suggests, Affirmative
action (AA) is an enabler to address the inherent disadvantage an
AA community faces. The pursuit of Affirmative actions is to create
equality of opportunity through creating access for disadvantaged
(AA) communities.
In 2007 in the Tata Group established the Tata Group Forum
on Affirmative Action. This was aligned with the CII taskforce
on Affirmative Action which continues till today which
recommended the industry to take systematic and time‑bound
initiatives to enable SC/ST youth to realise their potential.
Beginning 2010 onwards, TAAP Assessment process was started
on the lines of the Tata Business Excellence Model (TBEM).
The objective of the external assessments was to further
embed AA in Tata companies and hold up best practices for
emulation. This was named the TAAP‑ Tata Affirmative
Action Programme Assessment.
The Tata Group AA policy was updated in
2020 with an emphasis on Equal opportunity,
Equity and Inclusion.
80th Integrated Annual Report
124
2024-25
sevitaitinI
puorG

Key focus areas in Following external factors have shaped
TAAP (5Es) are: TAAP over the last 10-12 years:
AA within the organisation UN Global Compact - 10 Principles: Sustainable and
Employment 2000 Socially Responsible Business policies and practices
(Human Right, Labour, Environment, Anti-Corruption)
Ministry of Corp Affairs (Companies Act, 2013 Article135,
AA in value chain 2013 section 8), 2021 Amendments: Impact assessments,
Entrepreneurship Board Oversight, Annual report disclosure
UN Sustainability Development Goals:
2015
AA in CSR Activities (adoption in 2015, 2030: 17 Goals, 169 Targets)
Education
BRSR (Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting)
Employability SEBI
2012: 100, 2015‑500, 2021‑ 1000 listed companies
Essential Enablers
Sustainability disclosure standards: Global Reporting
Frameworks, World Economic Forum Framework, ESG rating, GRI,
SASB etc.
In addition there is emphasis on social security benefits or financial inclusivity.
This is to avail government schemes like, health/life insurances, basic entitlements
like Aadhar and PAN cards.
Key functions of the organisation which
need to work closely to embed TAAP
Since TAAP is aimed to create the mindset of equity and inclusion in the
organisation, everyone needs to be sensitised about the subject. Having said that,
the key functions to deploy TAAP policy are (I) Chief Sustainability Officer or Chief
CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) (ii) Chief Human Resource Officer (CHRO) (iii)
Chief of Procurement Officer (CPO) (iv) Chief Marketing and Sales Officer.
Under the theme of Employment, Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) can
emphasise enhancing representation of on‑roll and off‑roll employees from the
AA Community. Also, the social security aspects of contract workers. Under the
theme of Entrepreneurship (or supplier diversity), Chief of Procurement Officer
(CPO) can emphasise on increasing business volume and value in upstream supply
chain. Also, extending TAAP to supply chain partners. Chief Marketing and Sales
Officer (CM&SO) can emphasise on channel partner and customer focus on
downstream supply chain. Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) or CSR Officer can focus
on AA in community developmental interventions.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
125 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Aadhar – Deep commitment to inclusivity
Tata Motors adopted its ethos in letter and in spirit. Reaffirming its commitment
to inclusive growth, Tata Motors launched Aadhar – a structured framework
designed to uplift individuals from Scheduled Castes (SC), Scheduled Tribes (ST),
women, and persons with disabilities (PWD).
Affirmative Action addresses and proactive engagement with local strengthening our commitment to
social inequalities with a strategic stakeholders. Piloted in one tribal block workplace diversity. Similarly, cohort
focus on five key areas: Education, in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, of 141 specially‑abled individuals were
Employability, Essential Enablers, IVDP has now been replicated across on‑boarded at Pune, Jamshedpur,
are driven through CSR, while four states, including the tribal hamlets Lucknow and Dharwad.
business drives Employment around Sanand and Pune. In FY25,
and Entrepreneurship. around ~11 crore of convergence was Promoting entrepreneurship
achieved via various Govt schemes, With an objective to encourage
In FY25, Tata Motors positively around 20% increase in annual income entrepreneurship in AA communities,
impacted 1.4 million individuals from of villagers via various sustained the Company focusses on on‑boarding
underserved communities, with 56% livelihood generation activities which AA vendors in the value chain,
belonging to the SC/ST communities. resulted in 30% reduction in migration upskilling them to enhance their share
The Company CSR has committed in search of alternate employment. of business pie, and enabling creation
40% of its community engagement of jobs through indirect employment.
resources to drive impact through Employment initiatives The Purchase and Supply Quality team
Affirmative Action initiatives. Tata Motors proactively supports introduced a Positive Description
employment opportunities for youth Policy and engaged with AA vendors
The Integrated Village Development from SC/ST communities through tools through various platforms which
Programme (IVDP), the flagship of positive discrimination. led to enhancing business worth
AA programme of Tata Motors, has I150 crore in FY25, against I75 crore
emerged as a catalyst for holistic Through initiatives like Kaushalya, worth business that was awarded
transformation in rural communities, our employment‑linked skilling in FY24.
leading to significant improvements programme, we continue to enhance
in overall well‑being. Rooted in a employability and create sustainable Tata Motors affirmative action efforts
strategic vision, the program addresses livelihoods for SC/ST, nomadic tribe were recognised at the Tata Group
a broad range of developmental communities, and women. Under level and was awarded the highest
challenges — spanning livelihood, Project Samavesh, Tata Motors began performing TAAP (Tata Affirmative
income generation, health, water onboarding transgender individuals Action Programme) Jury Award for
management, sanitation, and through service providers. In the first FY25 by the Group Chairman.
governance — through strong phase, 17 transgender employees
alignment with government schemes joined across various functions,
The holistic engagement with rural communities under IVDP project has expanded from one gram panchayat in one district to four states
80th Integrated Annual Report
126
2024-25

The Lakhpati Kisan
In India, agriculture continues to Practicing rainfed agriculture, his and income doubled over the
remain a significant contributor to produce was limited to subsistence years. This progress has had
employment, providing livelihoods needs, with no marketable surplus. a transformative impact on
to its vast population. Majority of To support his family during the off‑ Chandrakant’s standard of living,
India still lives in villages and their season, Chandrakant migrated to cities enabling him to provide his children
farmlands sustain the country’s like Nashik, Surat, and Thane for labour with quality education and alleviate
billion plus population. Pick any work, though the income remained financial constraints. Ability to
distressed rural farmer, and minimal and insufficient for necessities. afford medical treatments during
one would see a common string emergencies, has further enhanced
of woes – sole dependence on Tata Motors CSR team through its the well‑being of his family. The
monsoons, subsistence farming, Integrated Village Development positive transformation is also
forced migration for employment Programme (IVDP) implemented evident in the housing situation,
and waning interest of the youth multiple interventions and innovative as Chandrakant has been able to
in agriculture. Chandrakant’s story techniques at his farm like fruit and construct an additional house on
has been no different. forestry plantations, fish farming, his farm, reflecting the improved
nursery unit, farm Pond, bio‑gas living conditions resulting from his
Chandrakant Sonya Andher, a Tribal unit, drip Irrigation, bamboo poly‑ farming success. The interventions
from Shiroshi village in Jawhar, house, value Crops etc. Many of these implemented by Chandrakant have
Maharashtra, is just a metric pass. interventions were through leveraging contributed to his earnings, with
Traditionally, he cultivated Rabi government schemes. this year’s turnover making him a
crops on the 2 acres of his 5‑acre Lakhpati Kisan.
landholding, while the remaining Chandrakant’s crop yields have
land remained fallow mainly due experienced substantial improvements,
to the lack of sufficient water. resulting in increased profitability
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
127 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

JLR
Planet
regenerate
Transforming our business
across the full value chain
Planet Regenerate is
our strategy to enhance
the environmental
performance of our
1 Carbon net zero by 2039
business through
decarbonisation, Our decarbonisation is underpinned by our ambition to be carbon net zero
circularity, and nature by 2039, through the decarbonisation of our manufacturing and operations,
our supply chain and our vehicles in use, and is supported by our mid‑term
and biodiversity.
science‑based targets in 2030.
2 Circular economy and resource efficiency
The resources we use and consume play a pivotal role in the environmental
impact of our supply chain, operations and products in use. Our pathway to net
zero requires us to embrace the circular economy to help ensure that we reduce
our impact whilst creating value and making our supply chain more resilient.
3 Nature and biodiversity
Nature loss and biodiversity decline pose a strategic risk to businesses in the
next decade.
80th Integrated Annual Report
128
2024-25

1 Carbon net zero
Our decarbonisation is underpinned by our ambition to be carbon net zero by 2039, Key initiatives
through the decarbonisation of our manufacturing and operations, our supply chain We continued to implement energy‑
and our vehicles in use. saving initiatives in FY25 with particular
focus on paint shop optimisation and
lighting as well as the installation of
GHG emissions reduction
renewable energy sources. These
projects prioritise two of our strategic
Planet focus areas:
• our own operations regenerate • To reduce our energy consumption
• our supply chain • To utilise on‑site renewable energy
• our vehicles in use
Key projects
• The optimisation of the sealer oven
Product milestones and the installation of an eco‑smart
Variable Exhaust Controller (VEC)
2030 2036 2039 primer oven within the Nitra,
Slovakia paint shop.
• LED and smart lighting upgrades at
All brands to offer a Zero tailpipe NET ZERO our Solihull and Halewood plants in
pure‑electric option emissions the UK and our Electric Propulsion
Manufacturing Centre (EPMC) in
Operational emissions scope 1 and 2 Wolverhampton, UK.
Our operational emissions primarily consist of three elements: • The installation of an intelligent
1. S cope 1 emissions from the combustion of gas on our sites for heat and energy compressed air system at our
2. E missions generated from company‑owned vehicles joint venture manufacturing site
3. S cope 2 emissions from electrical energy generation in China.
• The installation of 18MW of
Therefore, to decarbonise our operations to net zero, we must: ground‑mounted solar panels
• Reduce our energy consumption by driving greater efficiency and awareness at at our Gaydon, UK site, with
our sites generation expected to start in
• Use on‑site and off‑site renewable energy to decarbonise Scope 2 emissions July 2025.
• Reduce gas consumption and combustion at our sites through electrification
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
129 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

JLR
Planet regenerate
Supply chain and product Key initiatives
emissions scope 3 Our reduction in use of sold product
Our Scope 3 emissions are dominated emissions totalled 1.29 tCO e/vehicle
2
by in‑use emissions. These are the in the last financial year, driven
emissions generated from the use of primarily by growth in plug‑in hybrid
our vehicles. The electrification of our electric (PHEV) and battery electric
fleet is, therefore, essential to achieve (BEV) as a proportion of total vehicles
our science‑based targets and net zero retailed in FY25.
ambition. Central to this is our aim
for all brands to offer a pure‑electric Our Procurement and Engineering
Performance
option by 2030. teams continued to collaborate with
suppliers to commit to the use of
However, the achievement of these recycled and low‑impact materials, as Scope 1 and 2 emissions
ambitions is highly dependent on well as to enhance the accuracy of our
consumer demand for battery electric Scope 3 purchased goods reporting In FY25, our absolute Scope 1 and
vehicles. We must also ensure that in FY25, with particular focus on steel 2 emissions marginally increased to
we do not ‘burden shift’ by moving and aluminium supply chains. This 249.5 ktCO 2e. This was a 1% increase
emissions into our supply chain as process resulted in a total reduction of compared to our location‑based
we make this transition. Therefore, 0.62 tCO e/vehicle from our Scope 3 FY20 baseline but a 23.4% reduction
2
to decarbonise our supply chain and purchased goods and services. These compared to our FY20 baseline. This
product in‑use emissions to net zero, improvements included lower product was also 3% ahead of the required
we must: carbon footprints (PCFs) reported by SBTi trajectory to be aligned to a
suppliers, such as for windshields and 1.5°C pathway.
• Electrify our products to reduce the contracting of recycled content in
Scope 3
direct product emissions to zero sheet metal and components such as
• Work with our value chain to axles and compressor housings. FY25 delivered continued improvement
decarbonise the supply of key in the impact of new vehicles during
materials and increased use of their use, as well as collaboration with
recycled‑content materials our supply chain to reduce the impact
of the parts and components we use.
Our Scope 3 ‘use of sold products’
emissions for FY25 were 238.75 gCO e
2
per vehicle km, representing a
reduction of 6.7% compared to our
FY20 baseline and a 3.1% improvement
compared to FY24.
Our Scope 3 ‘combined use of sold
products and purchased goods and
services’ emissions for FY25 were
60.51 tCO e/vehicle. This was a
2
5.9% reduction compared to our
FY20 baseline and a 2.8% reduction
compared to our FY24 performance.
This means that in terms of absolute
emissions, our Scope 3 emissions
across these categories totalled
25.9 MtCO e — a 20.7% reduction
2
compared to the FY20 baseline and
a 3.4% improvement over FY24. This
improvement was driven by lower
emissions and reduced production
volumes lower per vehicle emissions
relative to the baseline year.
80th Integrated Annual Report
130
2024-25

C ircular economy and Water withdrawal
2
resource efficiency (m3)
16,22,957
The resources we use and consume play a pivotal role in the environmental impact
of our supply chain, operations and products in use. Our pathway to net zero
requires us to embrace the circular economy to help ensure that we reduce our
FY25 16,22,957
impact whilst creating value and making our supply chain more resilient.
FY24 16,16,821
In FY25 we have started to put our circular economy strategy into action by
delivering projects to decouple value creation from resource use and supporting
our net zero ambition through our three mission statements: FY23 15,21,862*
*Where estimated values were used, these have
been corrected with actual meter readings.
Circular
Waste generated
(MT)
Products
Enablers Resources
and services 35,118
FY25 35,118
We must create We must act as a We must provide
circular value responsible user timeless luxury FY24 37,037
through systemic of resources by through enhanced
collaboration, maximising reuse, product utility FY23 32,915
innovation replenishment and longevity.
and partnerships. and recycling.
Disclosure is based on data collated from our
third‑party waste management partners. Data
excludes metal and construction waste. Sites
in scope: Solihull, Halewood, Castle Bromwich,
EMPC, Gaydon, Whitley, Nitra, Brazil, China JV
(50% due to financial control).
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
131 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

JLR
Planet regenerate
Circular enablers
Our Circularity Lab aims to reduce waste and boost the recyclability of our
products. The lab fosters internal collaboration, bringing together cross‑disciplinary
squads comprising Sustainability, Engineering, Procurement and Design, with
external engagement with value chain partners and learning from institutions such
as the Ellen MacArthur Foundation.
The squads disassemble and analyse vehicles, components and materials in a
collaborative ‘learn through doing’ approach, working closely with suppliers and
experts in materials to understand and overcome barriers to reuse and recycling.
Circular products and services
The transition from a linear business
model to a more sustainable, circular
mobility model is essential for the
automotive industry to reduce
resource consumption per kilometre
travelled. Services such as ‘Pivotal’,
which provides clients with an all‑
inclusive, fully flexible subscription
service, and ‘THE OUT’, a luxury car
rental service, are the first steps
towards these new mobility models.
Circular resources InMotion Ventures Studio continues
Our Circularity Lab has led initiatives to at least double and an aim to treble to incubate these services and
recycled content in new products from 2028 and has focused on opportunities explore new opportunities in the
for closed‑loop recycling. This has led to a significant technical breakthrough in circularity sphere.
the closed‑loop recycling of polyurethane seat foam by successfully reintegrating
it back into the production of new seats. Polyurethane foams are known to be However, these services require
challenging when it comes to recycling and are designed for durability, meaning infrastructure, design and engineering
they end up in landfill. In collaboration with Dow’s MobilityScience™, material changes to make them more circular.
innovations and global leader in automotive seating Adient, this is the first To support this, we have begun trials
time closed‑loop seat foam content has been successfully used in automotive on the in‑life refurbishment of the
production. We are now putting the material through its full production process, Pivotal fleet as well as the longer‑term
aiming to test its use at scale in preproduction vehicles in 2025. The recycled foam processing of end‑of‑life vehicles for
will be one element of a new ‘circular seat’ that is estimated to halve the impact of refurbishment of green parts.
CO e emissions while maintaining high performance.
2
We are also making progress on the
In FY25 our water withdrawal marginally increased to 16,22,957 cubic metres for engineering of components to ensure
our in‑scope sites from 16,16,821 cubic metrics in the previous financial year. This they can be reused and recovered
is an increase of 0.18m3/vehicle to 4.05m3/vehicle representing a 4.7% increase during and after use.
in water withdrawal per vehicle produced compared to FY24. Projects have
targeted reducing water use in processes with high water withdrawal such as the Historically, vehicles have been
introduction of a smart spray process in the Solihull, UK paint shop. designed with limited consideration
for disassembly once they reach end‑
The introduction of our target to achieve zero waste to landfill and increase of‑life. The use of difficult to separate
non‑metallic waste sent for recycling / reuse has also led to a greater focus on mixed materials, fixing methods and
waste segregation at our sites, such as bin tip audits and collaboration with adhesives can make the challenge of
suppliers to increase reuse of parts protection at Solihull, UK. In FY25, our waste reducing waste and recycling for reuse
generation reduced by 1,919 metric tonnes to 35,118 metric tonnes for our almost impossible. The Circularity
in‑scope sites. An average reduction in waste of 1.05kg/vehicle was achieved in the Lab is now feeding this information
last financial year compared to FY24. directly into early decision‑making for
vehicle development.
80th Integrated Annual Report
132
2024-25

3 Nature and biodiversity
Nature loss and biodiversity decline pose a strategic risk to businesses in the next decade.
Biodiversity at our facilities
Throughout FY25, we have At our site in Itatiaia, Brazil, we restored from complete devastation
actively advanced our biodiversity continued our species monitoring to fully discharging the forest
management efforts across multiple project in the Itatiaia National Park in restoration commitment to the state
sites, establishing long‑term partnership with Onçafari and local environment agency.
ambitions to 2030 to manage park authorities. The project objectives
habitats to conserve and enhance are to identify the animal species found In FY25, our Slovakia plant continued
the biodiversity value of the land we in the park, and to highlight those its commitment to environmental
manage. Activities include woodland which are threatened, in accordance sustainability through a comprehensive
management such as coppicing and with the goals of the Itatiaia National biodiversity monitoring project in
deadwood creation, management of Park Management Plan. Fifteen camera collaboration with the University of
grassland and scrub, vegetation control traps were installed, capturing 2,160 Constantine the Philosopher in Nitra.
in ponds and wetlands, and some areas independent records in which 33 Since 2019, this initiative has focused
where we commit to non‑intervention. species could be identified. on the inventory and population
These have been designed by dynamics of various plant and animal
ecologists in relation to the local Additionally, a final monitoring report species within our manufacturing site.
context, and their effectiveness is was carried out for a 10,000m2
monitored on an ongoing basis. Permanent Preservation Area with
the condition of the area being
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
133 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

JLR
Engage
for good
Our ambition is to
Volunteering
become a benchmark
for positive societal and Driven by our purpose to ‘Live The Exceptional With Soul’, colleagues have
community impact, continued to drive change this year through our volunteering programme.
Colleagues across the UK and Ireland are empowered to use their 16 hours of
to take care of the
volunteering time, their skills and passion to support a wide range of causes that
communities and
they care about, as well as causes that support our three key focus areas.
environments in which
we operate and to In 2024, JLR colleagues achieved a remarkable 34,547 hours of voluntary support,
benefitting a wide range of worthwhile organisations in our local communities,
make a positive impact
including STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics)
focusing on youth
Ambassadors, The Red Cross, Chapter One, Scouts and Girl Guide groups, food
futures as well as the banks, schools, community groups, homeless shelters, hospices, animal shelters,
most vulnerable and and nature reserves. Over 9,000 of these volunteer hours have been contributed
by over 1,150 STEM Ambassadors who use their volunteering time to inspire the
disadvantaged.
next generation to consider careers in STEM.
Partnerships
British Red Cross and the International Federation of the Red
Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC)
2024 marked 70 years of Defender’s landmark charity partnership with the
Red Cross and Red Crescent movement. The relationship began in 1954, with
the loan of a Series 1 Land Rover to act as a mobile dispensary in the Dubai
desert. Since then, Defender has helped vulnerable communities to prepare for,
respond to and recover from crises in over 50 countries, impacting the lives of
over two million people. Defender continues its legacy and invests in flagship
humanitarian projects that help communities build strength and resilience to
34,547 the unpredictable.
Hours of voluntary support
by JLR colleagues
80th Integrated Annual Report
134
2024-25

Disaster Relief Alliance Community resilience The Amos Bursary, UK
Defender also commits to activating Last year, these partnership This year, we renewed our partnership
additional support in the event of a programmes supported volunteers with The Amos Bursary to support
disaster, emergency or outbreak of to deliver emergency readiness students of African Caribbean descent
violence in conflict and is a member workshops and psychological first aid aged 16+ for up to five years whilst
of the British Red Cross Disaster Relief to remote communities in Australia. In they are in higher education. This is our
Alliance (DRA). Together with other Nepal — a global hotspot for natural second consecutive year of support for
businesses in the DRA, Defender disasters — we helped to mobilise The Amos Bursary and brings our total
invests in the Disaster Fund, which volunteers to provide life‑saving investment in the charity to £60,000.
is drawn upon by the British Red services and deploy disaster response Our investment will help to advance
Cross to support communities in plans. In Switzerland Switzerland, the future careers of students from
the anticipation or aftermath of REDOG Search and Rescue members under‑represented groups in areas
humanitarian crises. Projects in the continued to enhance their skills in close to our UK manufacturing sites.
UK and Italy enhanced emergency missing and buried person searches
response capabilities. Since this phase through 1,620 training sessions. Movimento Sem Barreiras
of the partnership began in April 2022, (Movement Without Barriers),
the partnership projects have reached Brazil
1,58,306 people. This is the first project aimed at people
with disabilities in the Itatiaia region of
Brazil. Focused on inclusion, learning
and fun in the sports of swimming
and athletics — the project provides a
great opportunity for 70 children and
teenagers to get involved in an area
where there are few sports projects for
people with disabilities.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
135 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

JLR
Responsible
business
The responsible business
Focus areas
pillar is a cornerstone of
our sustainability strategy,
Monitoring and responding to
aiming to ensure we 1
ESG legislation and regulation
conduct business ethically
and with integrity. Being
Developing the right strategies and governance
2
a responsible business
processes to deliver our ESG commitments
provides the foundations
for our work in Planet Embedding environmental and social risks into ou r
3
Regenerate and Engage enterprise risk management process
for Good when it comes to
Transparently disclosing and
environmental, social and
4
reporting our progress and performance
governance (ESG) topics.
Legislation and regulation
The landscape of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) regulation is rapidly
changing. We are working to ensure our disclosures align with relevant Climate
Financial Disclosures while also preparing for upcoming legislation such as the
EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and the EU Deforestation
Regulation (EUDR). This involves scanning for new and emerging legislation,
interpreting and implementing necessary changes into the business and then
monitoring and disclosing progress on an ongoing basis.
Strategy and governance
Our stakeholders have high expectations regarding our sustainability efforts.
This year the value of sustainability was recognised at the highest level within
the business with the appointment of Andrea Debbane to the position of Chief
Sustainability Officer (CSO). We have also established a senior‑level, cross‑
functional Sustainability Steering Group to ensure the work we are doing in relation
to sustainability supports and complements our Reimagine strategy.
80th Integrated Annual Report
136
2024-25

Risk management Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI)
Managing our environmental Diversity, Equity and Inclusion is becoming an ever‑challenging topic
and social risks is integrated into globally; however, we believe that we must reflect the diversity of the
the Company’s enterprise risk world in which our colleagues and clients live. We are committed to our
management process. We collaborate cultural transformation to create a positive, inclusive environment where
with multiple stakeholders across the everyone feels respected, valued and cared for.
organisation to identify and address
the most significant environmental To do this, we are taking action to make tangible impact, measured
and social risks to our business, with against three internal ambitions:
appropriate escalation to the Risk and
Compliance Committee. Target 1:
Globally, 30% of all senior leaders to be female, by 2030.
Disclosure and reporting FY25 performance: 21%
Much of the emerging sustainability
legislation requires greater levels Target 2:
of transparency and disclosure In the UK, 15% of all senior leaders to be from Black, Asian or Mixed
on business impacts, risks and Ethnicity background, by 2030.
opportunities in relation to FY25 performance: 7%
environmental, social and governance
(ESG) topics. This greater transparency Target 3:
is crucial to meet the needs and Globally, for our Inclusion Index to reach over 85, by 2026.
expectations of our stakeholders. FY25 performance: 83
The target date to achieve ambitions 1 and 2 has been extended from 2026 to 2030.
We recognise that we have more work to do and are allowing time to make further
adjustments and for organic growth.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
137 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

JLR
Responsible business
DEI achievements
Our global Diversity, Equity and
Inclusion (DEI) policy details our
continued commitment to creating a
safe, diverse, equitable and inclusive
workplace. Since 2022, our Global DEI
team has been working on our Global
Digital Learning Experience in response
to the DEI basics learning originally
launched in the UK. The objective
of this project was to develop a DEI
learning that resonates with people
across our global locations. In 2024,
the Global Digital Learning Experience
launched across 24 countries and
regions, educating on cultural nuances
while navigating local laws and cultural
complexity, which are all at different
stages of the DEI journey.
Human capital development
In September 2024, we hosted our
second Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Talent upskilling for the future
Summit, welcoming a combined We have continued to build on our previous activities with growing investment
number of over 6,300 participants in electrification safety training pathways for over 1,000 learners to support
in person and online, spanning 25 a range of roles across our business, initially prioritising those in our development
countries and 22 watch parties. This workshops, as well as continuing to support our manufacturing colleagues.
event celebrates the progress we
make year‑on‑year and continues to Our Level 4 Data Fellowship Apprenticeship pathway for established colleagues
cement our ambition to ensure that all seeking to grow their skills has seen the first cohorts complete, with 55% achieving
colleagues are supported. The theme distinction, significantly above the national average.
for this event was ‘Inclusion For All’.
We have restructured our Six Sigma yellow and green belt programmes to
In 2024, we also held our first support a range of business functions with structured problem solving and seen
International Women’s and documented outcomes from the integrated projects colleagues have undertaken to
Automotive Collective with three of complete their awards.
our semiconductor suppliers to begin
creating an inclusive environment Additionally, we have built and piloted a new programme for our Executive Leader
throughout our entire ecosystem. population in Data Leadership skills, combining internal subject matter expert
experience with the support of a leading academic business school and engineering
department. This has been adapted to integrate better with our Modern Leadership
approach, with opportunities to dive deeper for those who require specific
technical capability.
Early careers
Early Careers and investment in apprentices, undergraduates and graduates
continue to form a key foundation for our talent pool and are a critical enabler of
building skills for the future. In 2024, nearly 900 people joined us in the UK on our
Early Careers programmes, and approximately 300 internationally.
Our programmes have received external recognition, with JLR climbing from
59th to 42nd in the Times Top 100 Graduate Employers in the UK.
80th Integrated Annual Report
138
2024-25

Safety
Our core ambition is to achieve a Our Safety Management System is continually refined to provide an effective
workplace where Zero Harm can be framework for safety organisation, and our commitment to maintaining the highest
realised and maintained. We continue standards of occupational health, safety and wellbeing for our colleagues, partners
to focus on our three safety pillars and clients is reflected in our ongoing certification to ISO 45001 .
of Safe Place, Safe Systems and Safe
People, which provide the framework
for our approach to continual
Zero Harm
improvement on our glidepath to
Zero Harm.
OUR SAFETY JOURNEY
We continue to focus on our internal
auditing activity and data aggregation
and analysis capabilities to understand
where there are opportunities for
further improvement. Our programme
of safety process automation
Safe place Safe systems Safe people
contributes to us meeting the
1. S afe facilities 3. P rocess and safe 7. Contractors and
requirements set out in our Safety
and equipment systems of work agency workers
Management System, allowing
2. I nduction and 4. Managing 8. Supervision
us to monitor and analyse data in
familiarisation change and monitoring
real‑time, quickly identifying and
5. S uitable and 9. C ompetence
addressing potential issues and further
sufficient risk and training
contributing to our culture of safety
assessment 10. Communication
and continuous improvement.
6. Auditing and instructions
and process
confirmation
COMPETENCE, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS, CO-OPERATION
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
139 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Governance
Tata Motors’ corporate governance framework reflects the Tata Group’s
legacy of ethical, transparent, and accountable practices. The Board and its
committees ensure responsible business conduct and protect the interests
of all stakeholders.
Corporate philosophy
We maintain and ensure ethical, fair, and transparent governance practices. Aligned with international standards, the
Board and its committees follow transparency and independence in all decisions, reflecting our commitment to sound
corporate governance.
Corporate governance framework
Tata Motors Limited Stakeholders
Board of Directors
Executive Director
Board responsibilities
Our Board supervises and helps the Company through the value‑creation process by focusing on key areas:
• Oversee, guide, and make • Monitor the duties delegated to • Determine and monitor the
recommendations to streamline the Board Committees risk management process for
performance of the Company • Safeguard strong adherence to the Company
• Assess the progress of the governance principles and control • Closely scrutinise the financial,
Company as per the laid out the Company’s activities non‑financial and the ESG
strategic roadmap functioning of the Company
80th Integrated Annual Report
140
2024-25

Board Committees and their responsibilities
Audit Committee performance of the Registrar and Risk Management
• Review the financial statements, Transfer Agents. Committee
adequacy of internal control • Devise and review the risk
Nomination and
systems and internal audit management process, controls, and
Remuneration Committee
findings. It ensures the transparent risk tolerance.
• Recommend the set up and
and independent participation • Recommend risk mitigation and
composition of the Board and
of auditors. review risk governance system.
its Committees.
• Ensure compliance with accounting
• Carry out evaluation of the Board Safety, Health and
standards and changes in
and its Committees and every Sustainability Committee
accounting policies and practices.
Director’s performance in support • Reviews execution of safety,
Stakeholders’ Relationship to the Board. health and sustainability‑related
Committee • Devise and review policy on aspects, including ESG and the
• Review and ensure compliances Board diversity, appointment implementation of appropriate
related to issuance of duplicate and remuneration and policies and approaches.
certificate, transmission requests, Succession Planning.
Technology Committee
stakeholder complaints, dividend
Corporate Social • Governs the technology roadmap
payments, cases relating to Investor
Responsibility Committee of the Company.
Protection and Education Fund, etc.
• Supervises activities, budgets, and
• Review measures for effective
expenditures for CSR according to
exercise of voting rights
the CSR policy
by shareholders and the
For a comprehensive understanding of each committee’s roles and Page 267
responsibilities, please refer to our Report on Corporate Governance
Sustainability governance
With sustainability becoming central to our organisational ethos, it has ceased to
be a top‑down initiative and become more embedded in our everyday operations.
This shift reflects our commitment to integrating sustainable practices across all
levels of the organisation.
Our sustainability governance framework
Disclosures &
Project Aalingana TML Board
Reporting
SHS Committee of the Board
Ex-Com
BU Sustainability Governance
Sustainability BSC Sustainability Strategy
Governance Governance
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
141 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Governance
Code of conduct
Tata Motors has adopted the ethos
Whistle-blower cases
from the legacy of the Tata Group’s
core values of ethics, transparency,
integrity, and responsibility, which are FY25 264 284
embedded into our systems through
the Tata Code of Conduct (TCoC). FY24 143 150
The TCoC represents the values and
core principles guiding every aspect
of our business. It lays down ethical FY23 102 142
standards for all their stakeholders viz.
employees, customers, communities,
business associates thereby ensuring
alignment with best practices and
international standards. We have
established robust mechanisms for
reporting non‑compliances, ensuring
Closed Received
transparency and accountability.
Core policies
Other policies
• Tata Code of Conduct
Safety and Health Policy
• Governance Guidelines
• Climate Change Policy
• Dividend Distribution Policy
• Corporate Social
Responsibility Policy
• Anti‑Bribery and
Anti‑Corruption Policy
Quality Policy
• Related Party Transactions
• Whistle Blower Policy
• Tata Code of Conduct
for Non‑Executive and
Independent Directors
• Remuneration Policy for Directors,
Sustainability Policy Key Managerial Personnel
and Employees
• Supplier and Dealer Code
of Conduct
Explore our website to access
our policies
https://www.tatamotors.com/
Environmental Policy
corporate‑responsibility/governance/
80th Integrated Annual Report
142
2024-25

Evaluation of Board meeting and attendance
effectiveness ATTENDANCE MEMBERS MEETINGS
The Board of Directors are evaluated Board 96.29% 9 6
based on these indicative areas:
• Degree of fulfilment of Audit
97.83% 7 7
key responsibilities Committee
• Board structure and composition
Nomination and
• Establishment and delineation of
Remuneration 100% 3 3
responsibilities to Committees
Committee
• Effectiveness of Board processes,
information and functioning
Stakeholders'
• Board culture and dynamics
Relationship 100% 3 2
• Quality of relationship between Committee
Board and the management
• Efficacy of communication with Corporate Social
various stakeholders Responsibility 100% 3 4
Committee
Risk
Management 100% 5 3
Committee
Safety,
Health and
100% 3 3
Sustainability
Committee
* Changes in Board and Committee
memberships are considered when calculating
Technology
attendance to ensure fair and accurate 95% 4 5
representation of each member’s participation Committee
relative to their tenure.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
143 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Governance
Sustainable supply chain
At the core of our sustainability journey Policies: Governance with Enablers: Aikyam: ‘A dream
II IV
is a dream that is bigger than just integrity and purpose fuelled by vision and unity’
automobiles — it is the dream of leaving Every movement needs a guiding At the heart of Tata Motors’ Supply
behind a greener, healthier planet for compass, and Tata Motors achieves Chain Sustainability strategy is it
future generations. With ambitious goals this through comprehensive policies. Aikyam, a Sanskrit word that means
to achieve net‑zero emissions by 2040 From an enhanced Supplier Code ‘unity’. This isn’t just a platform — it’s
for Passenger Vehicles (PV) and 2045 for of Conduct to robust procurement a movement that binds suppliers,
Commercial Vehicles (CV), we understand policies, these principles ensure employees, and stakeholders under
that no dream can be fulfilled alone. that every action aligns with high a single vision: creating a sustainable
Sustainability is a shared responsibility, ethical and environmental standards. future, together. Aikyam serves as
and the Company has committed to The purchasing practices are reviewed the bridge between ambition and
empowering its vast network of suppliers to ensure alignment to the SCoC action, fostering collaboration through
to embrace sustainable practices. It’s and to avoid potential conflicts. This workshops, knowledge‑sharing sessions,
not just a supply chain anymore — it’s governance framework not only collective learning and high impact
a partnership of purpose, built on a mitigates risks but also creates a culture projects. At the core of ‘AIKYAM’
foundation of trust, respect, and unity. of trust and integrity, aiming to set are our ‘Apex Chapters’, strategically
a gold standard for the industry. positioned to prioritise and spearhead
Tata Motor’s sustainable supply
flagship projects aimed at pioneering
chain framework
sustainability solutions within our
Process: Building resilience
Tata Motor’s Sustainable Supply Chain III industry. Within each ‘Apex Chapter’,
with robust processes:
Framework reflects our aspiration our ‘Affiliate Chapters’ delve deep
to weave sustainability into the very The sustainable supply chain framework into specific sustainability hotspots,
fabric of our supply chain. It’s a step integrates Sustainability at all stages taking targeted actions to address key
towards responsible growth that inspires of the supplier life cycle. Starting from challenges. The supplier screening
partners, stakeholders, and industries the Request for Quotation (RFQ) and exercise basis business relevance on
to walk together on the path of progress Manufacturing Site Assessments to the commodity specific risks, helps us
with purpose. The implementation and an exhaustive desk‑based annual ESG identify the significant suppliers who are
oversight of supply chain sustainability Supplier Assessment Questionnaire integrated as part of this forum.
programmes are overseen by the (SAQ) for existing suppliers, helping
Executive Management, who report Tata Motors identify those leading
regularly to the Board of Directors on the way and offering corrective and
performance and strategic direction. improvement plans to those who need
to improve. By carefully evaluating
Our Supply Chain Sustainability supplier partners at every step,
framework is built on four key pillars: Tata Motors will ensure only those who
share its commitment to sustainability
I Ambition become a long‑term partner of
its ecosystem. Risk Management
A clear vision for sustainability – Frameworks are also being incorporated
The foundation of this framework lies to proactively identify and mitigate
in Ambition — a clear and resolute risks, ensuring seamless governance and
vision that aligns Tata Motors’ supply continuous improvement.
chain goals with its larger sustainability
mission. It establishes precise KPIs and Through these refined processes,
targets, setting the stage for meaningful Tata Motors emphasises that
and measurable progress. This ambition sustainability is not an afterthought
isn’t just an internal pursuit — it calls on — it is embedded into every decision,
suppliers and partners to align with the creating a supply chain that is resilient,
same vision, fostering collective growth. agile, and future‑ready.
80th Integrated Annual Report
144
2024-25

Small steps, big impact: Tata Motors has also incubated a
To turn dreams into reality, Tata Motors has embarked on four transformative Transition Advisory Services to assist their
lighthouse projects: suppliers (and other ecosystem partners)
1. 101 RE 100 – A commitment to adoption of renewable electricity in supply chain offering hands‑on support for guiding
them step‑by‑step on their sustainability
2. D.R.O.P. – Dependency Reduction & Optimisation Programme – Ensuring
journeys and to build supplier capacity
responsible water usage
and enhance ESG performance.
3. Z ero Waste to Landfill – Reducing environmental impact Additionally, supply chain procurement
4. Supplier take back systems – Driving a closed‑loop economy and buyer teams are regularly trained
on their roles to support the Company’s
transition toward a more sustainable and
responsible supply chain.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
145 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Governance
Prioritising cybersecurity in
a transforming world
As a leading global innovator, Tata Motors recognises the critical importance of Cybersecurity governance
robust cybersecurity. We leverage technology to safeguard information assets, Tata Motors prioritises strong
ensure customer privacy, and minimise human risk. Ever vigilant of evolving governance structures for
cyber‑threats, our efforts proactively minimise information security vulnerabilities cybersecurity. Cybersecurity
while enhancing customer experiences and shareholder value. governance includes a board member
overseeing the cybersecurity strategy,
Our commitment to cyber resilience and the executive management
• Documented and tested: team, including the CDIO, CISO,
A comprehensive Business Continuity Plan and Incident Response CTO and CSO, are accountable
Procedure are in place, reinforced by biannual disaster recovery drills for managing cybersecurity.
ensuring effectiveness. The Technical Committee, led by the
Board of Directors, includes senior
• ISO-certified excellence:
leadership from Tata Motors and its
Our ISO 27001:2022 certification reflects our commitment to information
IT team to manage related issues.
security. We maintain 28 Information Security Management System (ISMS)
In addition to this, Risk Management
policies subject to annual review and audit. Furthermore, the iProtect
Committee of Tata Motors track all
awareness and E‑module training on Cybersecurity awareness campaign
the recent happenings related to
empowers employees to actively participate in information security.
Cybersecurity risks on an ongoing and
• Customer privacy first: periodical basis.
Customer privacy is paramount, governed by the strong data privacy principles,
and Indian Privacy Act with a detailed privacy notice outlining data handling
procedures, applicable to all personal data received from the European
Economic Area (EEA).
• Connected Vehicle Platform Security:
Tata Motors has taken significant and adequate cyber security protection
measures for its connected vehicle platform for all the segments.
ZERO
Incidents of IT
security breaches
ZERO
Breaches of
customer privacy
80th Integrated Annual Report
146
2024-25

INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
147 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Awards and accolades
Commercial Vehicle Passenger Vehicle
Apollo CV Awards 2025: Special C ar&Bike – Manufacturer
Recognition on Technology of the Year
Tata Motors ADAS Level 2 Tata Motors
Apollo CV Awards 2025 Acko Drive Awards – Hall of Fame
CV Maker of the Year Tata Motors Pune Facility
Apollo CV Awards 2025 Autocar Awards 2024 – Coupe SUV
CSR Excellence Award of the Year
Tata Curvv
Equipment Times Awards 2024
Women on Shop Floor Safer Choice Awards – GNCAP
Tata Harrier & Safari
T he Machinist Super Shop Floor
of the Year Topgearawads – iCNG car of the
TMCV Pune Plant year
Nexon iCNG
80th Integrated Annual Report
148
2024-25

Electric Vehicle Jaguar and Land Rover
Times Drive – Green Mobility Range Rover wins Made in UK
Leader Award at annual Walpole British
Tata.ev Luxury Awards 2024
NDTV Auto Awards – Sub Compact Range Rover crowned Best overall
SUV of the Year SUV by Robb Report (USA/2024)
Punch.ev
Defender crowned number one
BusinessWorld – Future of Design SUV by Motor Trend (2024)
Nexon.ev
Jaguar Type 00 wins Wallpaper
Acko Drive Awards – EV car of Design Award 2025
the year
JLR was #39 out of 500 in the
Punch.ev
Financial Times’ ranking of top UK
employers
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
149 04 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
TO THE MEMBERS
The Directors are pleased to present herewith the Integrated Annual Report of Tata Motors Limited (‘the Company’) along with
the Audited Financial Statements for the Financial Year (‘FY’) ended March 31, 2025.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(₹ in crore)
Standalone* Consolidated
PARTICULARS
FY25 FY24 FY25 FY24
Revenue from operations 69,419 73,303 439,695 434,016
Total expenditure 60,304 64,328 373,847 365,185
Operating profit 9,115 8,975 65,848 68,831
Other income 2,796 1,150 6,244 5,692
Profit before share of profit in equity accounted investees (net), interest, 11,911 10,125 72,092 74,523
foreign exchange, depreciation, amortization, exceptional item and tax
Share of profit in equity accounted investees (net) - - 287 700
Finance cost 1,122 1,706 4,999 7,642
Profit before depreciation, amortization, exceptional item, foreign exchange 10,789 8,419 67,380 67,581
and tax
Depreciation, amortization and product development/ engineering 3,041 3,122 33,972 38,198
expenses
Foreign exchange (gain)/loss (net) 71 255 (922) 15
Profit before exceptional items and tax 7,677 5,042 34,330 29,368
Exceptional Items - (gain) / loss (net) 325 (2,809) 550 939
Profit before tax 7,352 7,851 33,780 28,429
Tax expenses/ (credit) (net) 1,900 (51) 10,502 (4,024)
Profit after tax from continuing operations 5,452 7,902 23,278 32,453
Profit after tax from discontinued operation - - 4,871 (646)
Profit for the year 5,452 7,902 28,149 31,807
Other comprehensive income 113 439 6,462 6,323
Total other comprehensive income for the year 5,565 8,341 34,611 38,130
Attributable to:
Shareholders of the Company 34,255 37,764
Non-controlling interest 356 366
* It includes the Company’s proportionate share of income and expenditure in its joint operations, namely, Tata Cummins Private Limited and its subsidiary.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE The free cash flow (auto) was an inflow of ₹22,348 crore in
FY25 compared to ₹26,925 crore in FY24. The Company is net
Operating Results and Profits auto cash of ₹1,018 crore as at March 31, 2025.
Consolidated revenue of the Company from operations Standalone revenue from operations (including joint
(excluding from discontinued operations) was operations) was ₹69,419 crore in FY25 which was 5.3% lower
₹4,39,695 crore in FY25, which was 1.3% higher than the than ₹73,303 crore in FY24. The profit before and after tax
consolidated revenue of ₹4,34,016 crore in FY24. The (including joint operations) for FY25 were ₹7,352 crore and
underlying EBITDA margin (excluding from discontinued ₹5,452 crore, respectively as compared to ₹7,851 crore and
operations) was at 13.1% in FY25 as compared to 14.1% in ₹7,902 crore, respectively for FY24. There was deferred tax
FY24. Underlying EBIT margin (excluding from discontinued charge of ₹1,847 crore in FY25 as compared to credit ₹165
operations) stood flat at 7.9% in FY25 as compared to crore in FY24.
FY24. The profit before tax from continuing operation was
Please refer to the paragraph on Operating Results in the
₹33,780 crore in FY25 as against ₹28,429 crore in FY24. Profit
Management Discussion & Analysis Report section for
for the year stood at ₹28,149 crore in FY25 as compared to
detailed analysis.
₹31,807 crore in FY24.
80th Integrated Annual Report
150
2024-25

DIVIDEND during the second quarter. Demand remained measured in
the lead-up to state and general elections, contributing to a
Declaration and Payment of Dividend
moderation in overall volumes.
The Board of Directors (‘ the Board’) is pleased to recommend
The bus segment, however continued to perform steadily,
declaration of a final dividend amounting to ₹6/- per Ordinary/
supported by sustained government investments in public
Equity Share of face value ₹2/- each fully paid-up, i.e., (300%)
transportation and the gradual shift toward electric mobility.
for FY25.
SCVs and pickups faced challenges arising from muted rural
The Board has recommended the dividend based on the demand and tighter credit availability, which impacted
parameters laid down in the Dividend Distribution Policy and retail momentum. Electric commercial vehicles witnessed
dividend will be paid out of the profits of the year. growing interest, particularly in the bus and last-mile delivery
segments, aided by the progression of public tenders and
The said dividend, if approved by the Members at the ensuing
improving Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) economics.
Annual General Meeting (‘the AGM’) will be paid to those
Members whose name appears on the register of Members At the broader industry level, infrastructure investments and
(including Beneficial Owners) of the Company as at the end increased adoption of digital tools supported operational
of Wednesday, June 4, 2025. The said dividend, would involve efficiencies and influenced fleet replacement decisions.
cash outflow of ₹2,209 crore, resulting in a payout of 40.5% of The continued transition toward cleaner mobility, including
the standalone net profit of the Company for FY25. electric, Compressed Natural Gas (‘CNG’) and alternative fuel
vehicles, remained a key consideration in Original Equipment
Pursuant to the Finance Act, 2020, dividend income is taxable
Manufacturer (‘OEM’) strategies.
in the hands of the Members, w.e.f. April 1, 2020 and the
Company is required to deduct tax at source from dividend Please refer to the paragraph on Commercial Vehicles in
paid to the Members at prescribed rates as per the Income India in the Management Discussion & Analysis section of the
Tax Act, 1961. Integrated Annual Report for detailed analysis.
Record Date Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited
(‘TMPVL’)
The Company has fixed Wednesday, June 4, 2025 as the
“Record Date” for the purpose of determining the entitlement The Indian Passenger Vehicle (‘PV’) industry witnessed a
of Members to receive dividend for FY25. modest 2% growth in FY25, following three consecutive years
of growth, reaching 4.3 million units of sales. The segmental
Dividend Distribution Policy shifts in the industry continued to gain momentum, with
Sport Utility Vehicle (‘SUVs’) accounting for 55% of the new
Pursuant to Regulation 43A of the Securities and Exchange
industry sales, while hatches and sedans remained under
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
stress. Notably, demand for emission-friendly CNG vehicles
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’),
remained robust, recording a 35% increase over FY24.
the Board had formulated a Dividend Distribution Policy
(‘the Policy’). The Policy is available on the Company’s In FY25, the PV business (including Electric Vehicles), achieved
website URL at: https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/ sales of 5,56,367 units, including 2,693 units of sales in exports.
uploads/2023/11/dividend-distribution-policy.pdf The PV business outperformed the industry, registering 11%
and 60% growth in the SUV and CNG segments, respectively,
TRANSFER TO RESERVES compared to FY24. The launches of Tata Curvv and Tata
Nexon CNG has been well received by the market, while the
The Board has decided to retain the entire amount of profit
Tata Punch emerged as the #1 car in India in CY24.
for FY25 in the distributable retained earnings.
An amount of ₹127 crore was transferred from Debenture Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited
Redemption Reserve to retained earnings in FY25. (‘TPEML’)
The Indian Electric Vehicle (‘EV’) industry experienced a
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
moderation in growth in FY25, registering a 14% growth
The Indian Commercial Vehicle industry experienced mixed over FY24. This slowdown was driven by negative customer
trends in FY25, influenced by macroeconomic caution sentiments towards EVs in the first half of the year, as well
and evolving market dynamics. The industry registered as sharp decline in the EV fleet segment following expiry of
year-on-year a marginal decline of approximately 1%, largely the FAME II incentive program. However, the latter half of the
due to a slowdown in the Heavy Commercial Vehicle (‘HCV’) year saw a renewed promise in the EV industry, with more
and Small Commercial Vehicle (‘SCV’) segments, particularly
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
151 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
participants entering in the market and leading to greater • Strong demand continues: The three most profitable
customer traction and strengthening of the overall ecosystem. JLR brands - Defender, Range Rover, Range Rover Sport,
made up 67.8% of total wholesales in FY25. Defender
In FY25, the EV business sustained its market leadership
and Range Rover wholesales were up by 10% and 9%,
position, commanding over 55% market share of the EV
respectively as compared to the previous year.
Industry. The business launched Curvv.ev, which received a
good review from the market and strengthened Nexon.ev • The Range Rover brand won Walpole’s ‘Made in UK’
with the introduction of 45kWH battery pack. Additionally, award at the annual Walpole British Luxury Awards
the EV Business made strategic strides in strengthening the and made its inaugural entry into Interbrand’s Top 100
EV ecosystem, accelerating the expansion of the charging Best Global Brands. Alongside this, Jaguar Type 00 won
network, simplifying the charging experience and initiating Wallpaper’s Design Awards 2025.
the installation of Tata.ev mega chargers. Through these
Please refer to the paragraphs on JLR in the Management
key initiatives, the EV business achieved the milestone of
Discussion & Analysis section for detailed analysis.
surpassing 2,00,000 units of EV sales since its inception.
Please refer to the paragraph on Passenger Vehicles and Tata Technologies Limited (‘TTL’)
Electric Vehicles in the Management Discussion & Analysis
TTL has evolved into a leading global engineering services
section for detailed analysis.
provider, catering to the automotive, aerospace and
industrial machinery sectors. Built on the Tata Group’s legacy
Jaguar Land Rover (‘JLR’)
of innovation and excellence, TTL is dedicated to engineering
JLR, (as per IFRS) recorded stable revenue of £29 billion in better products and experiences for its clients worldwide.
FY25. This revenue was flat year-over-year in wholesales It has been at the forefront of engineering and digital
(excluding China joint venture) to 4,00,898 units, as well as 1% transformation since its inception. It has ranked #1 among
dip in retail sales to 4,28,854 units. Profit margins improved, India-based global automotive ER&D service providers in
with underlying EBITDA margin of 14.3%, driven by flat Zinnov Zones for the 8th consecutive year.
wholesales, favourable sales mix and improved pricing. Profit
In FY25, TTL achieved revenue of ₹5,168 crore, Operating
before tax and exceptional items in FY25 was £2.5 billion,
EBITDA of ₹934 crore at 18.1% margin and PAT of ₹677 crore
compared to £2.2 billion in FY24, an increase of 13.6%. Profit
at 13.1% margin. As of March 31, 2025, TTL had a headcount
after tax was £1.8 billion, lower from a profit of £2.6 billion a
of 12,644 professionals.
year ago. This was due to deferred tax charge of £0.3 billion
as compared to credit £0.8 billion in FY24.
Tata Motors Finance Limited (‘TMFL’)
Some of the key highlights of FY25 were:
The Board at its meeting held on June 4, 2024, consented to
• By the end of the financial year, JLR had eliminated the Scheme of arrangement amongst TMFL and Tata Capital
£4 billion of debt to achieve net cash positive, a key Limited (‘TCL’) and their respective shareholders under
Reimagine target. section 230-232 read with section 52, section 66, and other
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’)
• Reimagine transformation strategy progressing: Range
and rules made thereunder. As consideration for the merger,
Rover Electric testing continued as the waiting list
TCL to issue its equity shares to the TMFL’s shareholders
climbed over 60,000; reimagined Jaguar brand and
resulting in the Company’s effectively holding a 4.6% stake in
design vision concept, Type 00, launched at Miami Art
the merged entity.
Week and viewed by over one billion people globally.
JLR Halewood investment of £500 million illustrated The Scheme was approved by the Competition Commission
the readiness to build next generation electric vehicles of India, stock exchanges and the Reserve Bank of India
alongside existing ICE and PHEV models. during FY25. TMFL & TCL then subsequently convened
separate meetings of creditors (secured and unsecured) on
• Sustainable projects continue: JLR made a significant
January 16, 2025 and January 17, 2025, respectively, where
technical breakthrough in the closed-loop recycling
the Scheme was approved with the requisite majority. The
of polyurethane seat foam from used vehicles by
Scheme was also approved by respective shareholders
successfully reintegrating it back into the production
of both the entities. The Hon’ble National Company Law
of new seats, a first for the automotive industry.
Tribunal, Mumbai Bench, vide Order dated May 6, 2025, had
JLR and Pirelli announced a joint initiative to deploy
sanctioned the Scheme, a certified copy of which was filed by
FSC®-certified sustainable rubber across its range of
TMFL with the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra
luxury vehicles.
on May 8, 2025, making the Scheme effective.
80th Integrated Annual Report
152
2024-25

Accordingly, TMFL amalgamated with TCL and has ceased to Share Capital of the Company due to consolidation stands as
be the step-down wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ₹1,000 crore, divided into 500 crore Ordinary/Equity Shares
w.e.f. May 8, 2025 and also ceased as a legal entity. of ₹2/- (Indian Rupees Two) each.
Additionally, pursuant to the Specified Scheme
Tata Daewoo Mobility Company Limited (‘TDM’)
(formerly known as Tata Daewoo Commercial and as empowered by the Board, the Allotment
Vehicle Company Ltd) Committee at its meeting held on September 1, 2024,
approved allotment of 35,59,52,028 New Ordinary
The revenue of TDM for FY25 declined by 8.8% to ₩911
Shares of the face value of ₹2/- each fully paid-up
billion, as compared to ₩1,000 billion in FY24. Vehicle sales
(in the ratio of 7 New Ordinary Shares for every 10 ‘A’
volumes decreased from 9,501 units in FY24 to 7,940 units
Ordinary Shares) to TML Securities Trust, an independent
in FY25. The subdued domestic sales were attributable
and irrevocable determinate private trust of which Axis
to prevailing economic challenges and political instability
in the South Korean economy, while export sales were Trustee Services Limited acted as an Independent Trustee,
impacted by intensified global geopolitical tensions, conflicts who held the New Ordinary Shares on behalf of and for
trade disputes. the benefit of the eligible ‘A’ Ordinary Shareholders of the
Company as on the Record Date, i.e., September 1, 2024,
SHARE CAPITAL as per the Scheme. The ‘A’ Ordinary Share Capital of the
Company consisting of 50,85,02,896 shares of ₹2/- each fully
Scheme of Arrangement for the Reduction paid-up amounting to ₹101 crore stood cancelled. Consequent
of Share Capital by cancellation of ‘A’ to the said allotment of New Ordinary Shares the Ordinary/
Ordinary Shares Equity paid up capital increased from 3,32,46,58,528 of
The Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai ₹2/- each amounting to ₹664 crore to 3,68,06,10,556 of
Bench (‘NCLT’) vide its order dated August 2, 2024 approved ₹2/- each amounting to ₹736 crore (considering the amount
the Scheme of Arrangement amongst the Company and of subscribed share capital plus forfeited Shares less calls
its shareholders and creditors under Sections 230 to 232 in arrears).
and other applicable provisions of the Act (‘Specified
Scheme’), for reduction of share capital of the Company Tata Motors Limited Employees Stock Option
by way of cancellation and extinguishment of the entire Scheme 2018 (TML ESOP Scheme 2018) and the
‘A’ Ordinary Shares of the Company and issuance and Tata Motors Limited Share-based Long Term
allotment of 7 (seven) New Ordinary Shares to the eligible Incentive Scheme 2021 (TML SLTI Scheme 2021)
shareholders for every 10 ‘A’ Ordinary Shares held by them
The Company had issued and allotted 8,62,318 Ordinary/
in the Company, subject to necessary tax deductions,
Equity shares of ₹2/- each under the TML ESOP Scheme 2018
which ranked pari passu with the existing Ordinary/Equity
and 7,95,395 Ordinary/Equity shares of ₹2/- each under the
Shares in the Company, as consideration for such reduction
TML SLTI Scheme 2021 to the eligible shareholders.
of capital. A certified true copy of the Order passed by
the Hon’ble NCLT approving the Specified Scheme was
Composite Scheme of Arrangement amongst
filed by the Company with the Registrar of Companies on
the Company, TML Commercial Vehicles Limited,
September 1, 2024 pursuant to which the Specified Scheme
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited and
came into effect. Upon effectiveness of the Specified Scheme,
their respective shareholders
‘A’ Ordinary Share Capital of the Company stood cancelled
and extinguished. Consequently, the Company has only The Board at its meeting held on August 1, 2024 approved
Equity/Ordinary Shares of the face value of ₹2/- each as its a Composite Scheme of Arrangement amongst the Company
share capital. (‘TML’ or ‘Demerged Company’ or ‘Amalgamated Company’
Pursuant to the approval of Specified Scheme, the Authorized or ‘Tata Motors’), TML Commercial Vehicles Limited (‘TMLCV’
Share Capital of the Company relating to the ‘A’ Ordinary or ‘Resulting Company’), and Tata Motors Passenger
Shares, amounting to ₹200 crore divided into 100 crore Vehicles Limited (‘TMPV’ or ‘Amalgamating Company’) and
‘A’ Ordinary Shares of ₹2/- (Indian Rupees Two) each, their respective shareholders under Sections 230-232 and
was reclassified and consolidated along with the existing other applicable provisions of the Act and the rules framed
Ordinary/Equity Share capital. Hence, the existing Authorized thereunder, inter alia, for:
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
153 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
(i) demerger of the Company’s Commercial Vehicles The Company in compliance with the directions of the Hon’ble
Business from TML to TMLCV, and NCLT convened meetings of the Equity Shareholders on
May 6, 2025 to seek shareholders’ approval on the Scheme.
(ii) merger of TMPV undertaking the Passenger Vehicles
The Scheme was approved by requisite majority.
Business with TML (“Scheme”).
The effectiveness of the Scheme would result in creation of
DEBENTURES
two separate listed companies with mirror shareholding with
the Resulting Company housing the Commercial Vehicles During the year, the Company has issued and allotted
Business and the Amalgamated Company housing the on private placement basis, rated, listed, unsecured and
Passenger Vehicles Business. Upon the effectiveness of the redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures aggregating
Scheme, the Amalgamated Company carrying on Passenger ₹2,000 crore.
Vehicles Business will be renamed as “Tata Motors Passenger
Refer para on “Details of Non-Convertible Debentures” of the
Vehicles Limited” and the Resulting Company, carrying
Corporate Governance (‘CG’) Report for additional details.
on the Commercial Vehicles Business, will be renamed as
“Tata Motors Limited”.
FINANCE & CREDIT RATING
The proposed Scheme would be in the best interests of
the Amalgamated Company, the Resulting Company, the During FY25, by continuing strong free cash flow generation,
Amalgamating Company and their respective shareholders, the Tata Motors Group (‘the Group’) delivered on its
employees, creditors and other stakeholders for the deleveraging targets and became net cash positive. The Net
below reasons: Auto cash of Tata Motors Group stood at ₹1,018 crore at the
end of FY25 as compared to net auto debt of ₹16,022 crore at
i. The distinctive profile and established business model of
the end of FY24. The Group continues to maintain sufficient
the Commercial Vehicles Business and Passenger Vehicles
liquidity at all times to navigate the impact of external
Business makes it suitable to be housed in separately
listed entities, allowing sharper strategic focus in pursuit challenges. As at March 31, 2025, the Group liquidity for
of their independent value creation trajectories; domestic operations was ₹15,991 crore, whereas the liquidity
at JLR was £6.3 billion (including unutilized credit facility of
ii. The Scheme would result in better and efficient control
£1.6 billion).
and management for the Commercial Vehicles Business
and the Passenger Vehicles Business and would further On the backdrop of strong financial performance, the
empower the respective businesses to pursue their credit ratings of the Company also continued to improved.
respective strategies to deliver growth with greater Rating agencies have taken note of the sustained revenue
agility while reinforcing accountability; growth, improvement in consolidated business and financial
iii. The Scheme would unlock value for the overall- risk profiles, strong Free Cash Flow (‘FCF’) generation
business portfolio through price-discovery of the and deleveraging.
Amalgamated Company and the Resulting Company for
S&P upgraded Tata Motors by two notches to investment
existing shareholders and shall entail direct holding of
grade rating at BBB/Stable. Moody’s upgraded the rating of
marketable securities therein;
the Company by two notches to Ba1 / Positive. CRISIL and
iv. The Scheme could lead to the right operating ICRA upgraded the long term rating by one notch to AA+/
architecture for both companies with sharper focus Stable. CARE Ratings also maintained long term rating at AA+/
on their individual business strategies and clear capital
Stable during the year. Even post demerger, rating agencies
allocation, in alignment with their respective value
expect both the resultant companies to continue to maintain
creation journeys; and
strong credit profile and demerger does not impact financial
v. Separately listed companies will attract specific set of risk profile.
investors for their business profile and consequently,
S&P Global Ratings upgraded Jaguar Land Rover Automotive
encourage focused capital market outcomes.
Plc’s (JLR) long term issuer credit rating to ‘BBB-’ from ‘BB’,
The Hon’ble NCLT vide Order dated March 25, 2025, JLR’s first investment grade rating. Also, Moody’s upgraded
directed the Company (i) to convene and hold the meeting JLR’s long term issuer credit rating to ‘Ba2’ from ‘Ba3’.
of the equity shareholders of the Company; (ii) dispensed
the convening and holding of the meeting of the secured Please refer to the paragraphs on Credit Ratings in Corporate
creditors; and (iii) dispensed convening and holding of the Governance Report and Liquidity and Capital Resources
meeting of the unsecured creditors (including debenture in the Management Discussion & Analysis section for
holders) (‘unsecured creditors’). detailed analysis.
80th Integrated Annual Report
154
2024-25

MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENT Company. The Company alongwith TMPVL (Wholly
AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL POSITION Owned Subsidiary) holds 100% shareholding in TMDALL.
There are no material changes affecting the financial position • The Company sold 50% stake in Tata Motors Global
of the Company, subsequent to the close of the FY25 till the Services Limited (‘TMGSL’) (name changed from
date of this Report. TML Business Services Limited with effect from
February 28, 2025) to TMPVL on March 25, 2025. The
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT Company alongwith TMPVL holds 100% shareholding
in TMGSL.
The consolidated financial statements of the Company and
its subsidiaries for FY25 have been prepared in compliance • Consequent to the execution of a Share Purchase
with the applicable provisions of the Act and as stipulated Agreement between TPEML and Tata Motors Design
under Regulation 33 of SEBI Listing Regulations as well as in Tech Centre plc (‘TMDTC’) on June 28, 2024, Trilix srl
accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards notified ceased to be a direct subsidiary of TPEML and became a
under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, subsidiary of TMDTC, w.e.f., November 5, 2024.
2015. The audited consolidated financial statements together
• Tata Daewoo Commercial Vehicles Company Limited
with the Independent Auditor’s Report thereon form part of
and Tata Daewoo Commercial Vehicles Sales and
this Annual Report.
Distribution Company Limited, step-down subsidiaries
Pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Act, a statement containing of the Company and wholly owned subsidiaries of
the salient features of the Financial Statement of the TML Holdings Pte Limited, were renamed as Tata
subsidiary companies is attached to the Financial Statement Daewoo Mobility Company Limited and Tata Daewoo
in Form AOC-1. Mobility Sales Company Limited, respectively, w.e.f
November 1, 2024.
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the Act,
the Company will make available the said financial statement • Tata Motors (Thailand) Limited (‘TMTL’) has been under
of the subsidiary companies upon a request by any Member liquidation, w.e.f. December 27, 2024. TML Holdings Pte
of the Company or its subsidiary companies. These financial Limited’s shareholding in TMTL increased from 97.21%
statements of the Company and the subsidiary companies to 100% during the year.
will also be kept open for inspection by any member. The
• Jaguar Land Rover Holdings Limited, indirect subsidiary
members can send an e-mail to inv_rel@tatamotors.com upto
sold its entire shareholding in Limited Liability Company
the date of the AGM and the same would also be available on
“Jaguar Land Rover” (Russia) w.e.f. October 31, 2024.
the Company’s website URL: https://www.tatamotors.com/
annual-reports/ • Jaguar Land Rover Colombia S.A.S, subsidiary of Jaguar
Land Rover Limited, UK (‘JLR’), an indirect subsidiary,
SUBSIDIARY, JOINT ARRANGEMENTS AND was striked off on February 27, 2025.
ASSOCIATE COMPANIES • JLR Insurance Company Limited was incorporated on
October 9, 2024, as a wholly owned subsidiary of JLR.
The Company had 93 subsidiaries (16 direct and 77 indirect),
10 associate companies, 4 joint ventures and 2 joint operations • JLR and Tata Autocomp Systems Limited (’TACO’)
during FY25 as disclosed in the Financial Statements. have entered into a share purchase agreement for,
inter alia, sale of its 80% stake in Jaguar Land Rover
A diagrammatic representation of the subsidiary structure
Ventures Limited (‘JLRV’) a step down wholly owned
is available on the Company’s website at: https://www.
subsidiary of the Company to TACO on March 28, 2025.
tatamotors.com/annual-reports/
Pursuant thereto, TACO has also acquired 80% stake
During FY25, the following changes have taken place in in Artifex Interior Systems Limited (‘AISL’), a wholly
subsidiary / associates / joint venture companies: owned subsidiary of JLRV. Consequently, both JLRV and
AISL ceased to be subsidiaries of the Company, w.e.f
• TML Commercial Vehicles Limited was incorporated on
March 28, 2025.
June 23, 2024, as a direct subsidiary of the Company.
• BMW TechWorks India Private Limited was
• TML’s shareholding in TTL decreased from 55.39% to
incorporated as a wholly-owned subsidiary of TTL on
53.39% consequent to Tata Motors Finance Ltd selling
July 31, 2024. Thereafter, TTL allotted 50% shareholding
equity shares in TTL.
to BMW Holding B.V. Netherlands- JV Partner on
• Tata Motors Digital.AI Labs Limited (‘TMDALL’) was October 8, 2024. Hence, ceased to be a subsidiary during
incorporated on March 17, 2025, as a subsidiary of the the year.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
155 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
There has been no material change in the nature of the Some of the key initiatives of this year include:
business of the subsidiary companies.
• Inclusive Policies: All organizational policies were
The policy for determining material subsidiaries of the reviewed and made gender-neutral. Along with updates
Company is available on the Company’s website URL: https:// on our Sabbatical policy, two more policies — Utkarsha
www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/ and Vidyadhan — were introduced to support the
material.pdf Company’s internal employees in need of genuine
assistance for capability development.
For details, please refer para on ‘Policy on determining
Material Subsidiary’ of the Report on Corporate Governance, • Net Promoter Score / Culture and Engagement:
which forms part of this Report. the Company launched DEI Round Robbin — a structured
engagement initiative where women employees across
RISK MANAGEMENT locations participated in conversations around the
Company’s cultural values. These interactions have
The Board has constituted a Risk Management Committee to
contributed to an improved Net Promoter Score (NPS),
frame, implement, monitor and review the Risk Management
rising from 7.7 in Q2FY25 to 7.9 in Q4FY25.
policy and to ensure its effectiveness.
• Capability Development: DEIsha rolled out the second
Through an Enterprise Risk Management Program, the
cohort of empowHER, a flagship empowerment program
business units and the corporate functions address their
for women professionals at L4 and L5 levels. A total of 78
short, medium and long terms risks. The Audit committee has
women have embarked on this journey.
an additional oversight on the financial risks and controls.
• Enabling Persons with Disabilities (PWD): The Company
Please refer paragraph on Risk Management of the Integrated
worked on PWD inclusion and onboarded ~ 141 PWD
Report for detailed analysis.
employees across locations such as Pune, Jamshedpur,
Dharwad and Lucknow. As of March 31, 2025, a total of
INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS
166 PWDs are contributing to the Company’s workforce.
AND ADEQUACY
• Sensitization: Over 1,200 identified people managers
The Company’s internal control systems are commensurate have participated in ONEderful Conversations — a half-
with the nature of its business, the size and complexity of its day, facilitator-led workshops designed to build inclusive
operations and such internal financial controls with reference leadership capabilities.
to the Financial Statements are adequate.
Throughout FY25, the Company also celebrated key DEI
Please refer to the paragraphs on Internal Control Systems
milestones in alignment with the Company’s annual DEI
and their Adequacy in the Management Discussion & Analysis
calendar: Pride Month (Q1), Inclusion PoV Photography
section for detailed analysis.
Contest (Q2), International Day of Persons with Disabilities
(Q3) and International Women’s Day (Q4), all marked by
HUMAN RESOURCES enthusiastic participation across locations.
Please refer to the paragraphs on Human Resources /
The Company is encouraged by measurable progress:
Industrial Relations in the Management Discussion & Analysis
attrition among women employees has declined by one
section for detailed analysis.
percentage point and women’s participation has grown.
The Company’s overall gender diversity ratio improved
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION marginally to 11.1% in FY25, up from 11.0% in FY24, reflecting
our continued focus on creating a more inclusive and
The Company believes that diversity, equity, and inclusion
equitable workplace.
(‘DEI’) are essential drivers of innovation. By embracing varied
perspectives and lived experiences from across different
backgrounds, the Company create a workplace culture that PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT
encourages creativity, collaboration and breakthrough
The Company has a zero-tolerance policy for sexual
thinking. To formalize the Company’s commitment in FY24, we
harassment in the workplace. It has adopted a comprehensive
introduced a dedicated DEI brand identity — DEIsha — which
policy on Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of Sexual
serves as the anchor for all DEI-related initiatives across the
Harassment at Workplace, in alignment with the provisions of
organization. In FY25, the Company launched the Lighthouse
the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,
Framework, designed to assess and advance progress across
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and Rules framed
ten critical focus areas of DEI.
thereunder. An Internal Committee (‘IC’) has been established
80th Integrated Annual Report
156
2024-25

across all the Company’s work locations and offices to address acquire, in one or more tranches to the eligible employees
any complaints related to sexual harassment. of the Company and that of its subsidiary companies. The
Eligible employees shall be granted PSUs and/or stock
During FY25, the Company received 21 complaints on sexual
options, as determined by Nomination and Remuneration
harassment, of which 20 have been suitably resolved in
Committee (‘NRC’).
accordance with the Company’s established processes.
One complaint received towards the end of March 2025, is During FY25, there has been no change in the TML SLTI
currently under investigation. In addition, four carry-forward Scheme 2021. In FY25, under the TML SLTI Scheme 2021,
cases from the previous financial year were also suitably there were no additional grants of PSUs/ Options, however
closed in FY25. 8,06,293 Stock Options and 9,27,569 PSUs have been vested,
of which 1,94,204 Stock Options and 6,01,191 PSUs have been
To ensure comprehensive coverage, the Company organized
exercised, 5,949 PSUs remained unvested and 1,11,104 Stock
over 370 awareness workshops across various locations,
Options and 1,17,221 PSUs has lapsed and forfeited.
covering approximately 14,000 resources (cumulative),
including the flexible and temporary workplace, blue-collar In FY25, the Company allotted 7,95,395 Ordinary/Equity
employees and new joiners. Furthermore, a two-day training Shares of ₹2/- each, to the eligible employees, pursuant to
session was conducted for the IC members. To enable uniform the exercise of PSUs/Options under TML SLTI Scheme 2021.
understanding and wider reach, the Company has extensively
utilized a video-based awareness module, developed in TML SLTI Scheme 2024
local languages, for the deployment of training to the
Pursuant to the approval of Members at the AGM held on
shop-floor employees across the organization. Additionally,
June 24, 2024, the Company adopted the TML SLTI Scheme
e-module trainings on Prevention of Sexual Harassment
2024. The primary objectives of the TML SLTI Scheme 2024
(POSH) awareness and POSH scenario-based assessments are
is to reward, retain and motivate the eligible employees
mandatory for all new white-collar joiners.
for their performance and participation in the growth and
profitability of the Company.
Tata Motors Limited Long Term Incentive
The total number of PSUs to be granted under the TML
Schemes (‘Schemes’)
SLTI Scheme 2024 shall not exceed 50,00,000 in aggregate,
The Company has in force the following Schemes, which were that would entitle the grantees to acquire, in one or more
framed in accordance with the SEBI Regulations then in force: tranches, not exceeding 50,00,000 Ordinary/Equity Shares of
the Company of face value of ₹2/- each, fully paid-up.
• Tata Motors Limited Share-based Long Term Incentive
Scheme 2021 (‘TML SLTI Scheme 2021’); and During FY25, there has been no change in the TML SLTI
Scheme 2024. In FY25, the Company has granted 3,59,899
• Tata Motors Limited Share-based Long Term Incentive
PSUs (including superlative PSUs). No PSUs were vested under
Scheme 2024 (‘TML SLTI Scheme 2024’).
the TML SLTI Scheme 2024 and no shares were exercised by
the employees during the year. Further, 8,953 PSUs had been
TML SLTI Scheme 2021
treated as lapsed and forfeited.
Pursuant to the approval of Members at the Annual General
The statutory disclosures as mandated under the Securities
Meeting (‘AGM’) held on July 30, 2021, the Company adopted
and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits
TML SLTI Scheme 2021. The TML SLTI Scheme 2021 comprises
and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (‘SBEB Regulations’)
of two reward mechanisms; (a) Performance Share Units
and a certificate from the Secretarial Auditors confirming
(‘PSUs’) and (b) Stock Options. The objective of the TML SLTI
implementation of the above Schemes in accordance with
Scheme 2021 is to reward Eligible employees of the Company
SBEB Regulations have been obtained. The Schemes are
and of the subsidiary companies, in order to drive long term
in compliance with the SBEB Regulations. The same are
objectives of the Company, to motivate and retain employees
available for electronic inspection by the Members during
by rewarding for their performance, retain and incentivize key
the AGM and is also hosted on the website of the Company
talent, ensure senior management compensation matches
at: https://www.tatamotors.com/esop/.
the long gestation period of certain key initiatives and foster
ownership behaviour and collaboration amongst employees.
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES AND
In terms of TML SLTI Scheme 2021, the Company is
REMUNERATION
authorized to grant: (i) Not exceeding 75,00,000 PSUs in
aggregate, that would entitle the grantees to acquire, in one Disclosure pertaining to remuneration and other details as
or more tranches and (ii) Not exceeding 14,00,000 Stock required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule
Options in aggregate, that would entitle the grantees to 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
157 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed to the Report Model through sustained leadership engagement
as Annexure-1. and extensive communication across all levels of the
organization. Eight key leadership behaviors were
A statement containing particulars of top 10 employees
embedded through multiple forums, complemented by
and particulars of employees as required under Section
simplified and revised Safety Standards developed with
197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(2) and (3) of the
DSS+ inputs, including standards for Electric Vehicles,
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
Hydrogen, LNG, and Renewable Energy systems.
Personnel) Rules, 2014 is provided as a separate Annexure
forming part of this report. In terms of proviso to Section • Business Partner Safety Management: the Company’s
136(1) of the Act, the Report and Accounts are being sent Business Partner Safety Program, built on six key levers
to the Shareholders, excluding the aforesaid Annexure. The and risk-based categorization, has been deployed across
said Statement is also open for inspection. Any member all vendor categories. the Company completed Star
interested in obtaining a copy of the same may write Rating assessments for 370 partners and instituted 169
to the Company Secretary at inv_rel@tatamotors.com. Self-Managed Teams (SMTs) across plants, with a clear
None of the employees listed in the said Annexure are related roadmap for capability progression. Additionally, the
to any Director of the Company. Company has established specially curated programs on
driver dignity and conservancy staff amenities as part of
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND the Company’s dignity and inclusion efforts.
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT • Digital & AI for Safety: Five themes guide the Company’s
digital safety transformation - Connected Workforce,
Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(f) of the SEBI Listing Regulations,
Video Analytics, Connected Assets, Safety Management
the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Systems, and Experiential Learning. The Company has
(‘BRSR’) on initiatives taken from an environmental, social
developed 23 AI models to drive predictive safety, while
and governance perspective, in the prescribed format is
deploying 1,137 controls across all plants.
available as a separate section of the Annual Report and is
also available on the Company’s website URL: https://www. • Reward & Recognition Culture: A structured recognition
tatamotors.com/annual-reports/ framework celebrates safety champions across the
Company and Business Partners through Spot Awards,
In terms of SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has
Best SMT recognitions, Safety Point Leaders and Safety
obtained, BRSR Reasonable assurance on BRSR Core
Stewards. Plant-level Safety Competitions and quarterly
Indicators from KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP
Business Partner Reward Programs further incentivize
on a standalone basis.
proactive safety practices.
SAFETY & HEALTH – PERFORMANCE & These concerted efforts have delivered tangible results.
INITIATIVES In FY25, the Company achieved a 25.7% reduction in Total
Recordable Case Frequency Rate (TRCFR) (from 0.74 to 0.55)
SAFETY and a 37.5% improvement in Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate
(LTIFR) (from 0.24 to 0.15). Total Recordable Cases (TRC) cases
Safety is not merely a compliance protocol, but a core
dropped by 29% compared to the previous year.
organizational value and an unwavering commitment
that underpins the Company’s operations. Guided by ISO However, despite our vigilant approach, the Company deeply
45001:2018-aligned Integrated Safety Management System, regret one fatal incident during the year. A comprehensive
the Company cultivated a robust Zero Harm Culture that investigation was carried out followed by systemic
protects lives, promotes well-being and prepares for mobility. corrective actions, which are now institutionalized across
the organization.
Occupational Safety is governed through a comprehensive,
multi-tiered structure led by the Safety, Health & Sustainability Looking ahead, the Company remains steadfast in the
(‘SHS’) Board & SHS Committee, supported by SHS Councils, commitment to embedding safety into every process and
Corporate Sub-Committees and Plant Apex Committees. decision—leveraging digital intelligence, fostering inclusive
This seamless strategic-to-operational integration ensures partnerships with the business partners and building a
effective safety management. resilient, Zero Harm workplace driven through the Company’s
Safety culture model and eight leadership behaviors.
In FY25, the Company’s safety agenda was anchored through
four strategic focus areas:
HEALTH
• Leadership Behavior & Governance for a Zero Harm
Under Health & Wellness, various prevention strategies
Culture: the Company reinforced its Safety Culture
like primordial prevention (digital wellness, cardiac Q risk
80th Integrated Annual Report
158
2024-25

assessment, introduction of wellness coaches, Canteen water withdrawal. The plants at Lucknow, Pantnagar and
menu transformation etc), secondary prevention (ensuring Dharwad have achieved Water Positive certification as per
disease control status, stress testing), and primary prevention CII-GBC standards. The remaining plants are working towards
(tobacco cessation program, weight management program & achieving similar certifications.
pre-diabetes detection/ awareness) resulted in improvement
Furthermore, in FY25, the Company sustained its efforts
in overall health & well-being of the employees.
across all plants to divert hazardous waste from landfill or
The Company continues to provide “Employees Assistance incineration and to derive value from such waste. Several
Program”- a confidential, third party, free of cost counselling plants divert hazardous waste for energy recovery through
service for employees and dependents since April 2020. During co-processing at cement plants. The plants at Lucknow,
FY25, 1,037 employees and dependents availed counselling Pantnagar and Dharwad have achieved Zero Waste to Landfill
service through helpline & offline counselling offered. certification as per CII-GBC standards. The Company will
continue this initiative with the ultimate goal of achieving ‘Zero
As a result of effective wellness strategies and focused
Waste to Landfill’ status for all its manufacturing operations.
implementation across employee groups, The Company
received “Corporate Wellbeing Excellence Award” by jury
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
members of Global Mental Health & Wellbeing Summit in
March 2025. The brief outline of the Corporate Social Responsibility (‘CSR’)
Policy of the Company and the initiatives undertaken by the
ENERGY & ENVIRONMENT Company on CSR activities during the year in the format
prescribed in the Companies (‘CSR Policy’) Rules, 2014
The Company has always been conscious of the need to
are set out in Annexure-2 of this Report. The CSR Policy is
conserve energy in its manufacturing plants and to protect
available on Company’s website at URL: https://static-assets.
the environment. Energy conservation is achieved through
tatamotors.com/Production/www-tatamotors-com-NEW/
optimized consumption of power and fossil fuels and through
wp-content/uploads/2024/04/csr-policy.pdf
improvements in energy productivity via Energy Conservation
(‘ENCON’) projects. These efforts contribute to reducing
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY
operational costs and mitigating climate change by lowering
greenhouse gas emissions. ABSORPTION & FOREIGN EXCHANGE
EARNING AND OUTGO
The Company is also a signatory to RE100-a collaborative,
global initiative of influential businesses committed to 100% The information on conservation of energy, technology
renewable electricity. It is actively working towards increasing absorption and foreign exchange earnings and outgo
the amount of renewable energy generated in-house and stipulated under Section 134(3)(m) of the Act, read along with
procured from off-site sources. Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, is annexed
herewith as Annexure - 3.
In FY25, ENCON efforts contributed to energy savings of
44.1 lakh kWh of electricity and 12908 GJ of fuel, resulting
ANNUAL RETURN
in the avoidance of 3978 tonnes of CO₂ emissions. During
FY25, the Company generated or sourced 148 million kWh Pursuant to Section 92(3) of the Act and Rule 12 of the
of renewable electricity for its manufacturing operations, Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014,
representing 45% of the total power consumption for the Annual Return for FY25 is uploaded on the website of
its Commercial Vehicle operations and thereby avoiding the Company and the same is available on https://www.
1.07 lakh tonnes of CO₂ emissions. tatamotors.com/annual-reports/
The Company generates renewable energy (RE) in-house
DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL
through solar photovoltaic (PV) installations and off-site
captive wind farms. Additionally, it procures off-site wind and PERSONNEL
solar power through “Power Purchase Agreements” (PPAs)
Appointment / Re-appointment
and International Renewable Energy Certificates (i-RECs). As
at the end of FY25, the Company’s in-house installed Solar As reported last year, Mr Bharat Puri (DIN: 02173566), was
PV capacity are Pimpri (Pune): 18.5 MWp, Chinchwad (Pune): appointed as an Additional and Non-Executive Independent
2.4 MWp, Jamshedpur: 11.5 MWp, Pantnagar: 16 MWp, Director on the Board of the Company w.e.f. May 15, 2024.
Lucknow: 6.1 MWp and Dharwad: 1 MWp. At the 79th AGM held on June 24, 2024, the Members
approved his appointment as an Independent Director of the
In FY25, the Company also reduced fresh water withdrawal
Company for a period of 5 years, i.e., from May 15, 2024 to
by a total of 2.4 lakh m³ of water through effluent recycling
May 14, 2029 (both days inclusive).
and rainwater harvesting, accounting for 8% of its total fresh
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
159 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
The Board on the recommendation of NRC and in accordance In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors possess
with provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations, has the requisite expertise and experience and are persons of
re-appointed Mr Kosaraju Veerayya Chowdary high integrity and repute. They fulfill the conditions specified
(DIN: 08485334) as a Non-Executive Independent Director in the Act read alongwith the Rules made thereunder and are
for the second consecutive term for the period from independent of the Management.
October 27, 2025 to October 10, 2029 (both days inclusive)
when he attains the retirement age of 75 years, as per the Key Managerial Personnel
terms of the Governance Guidelines on Board Effectiveness
In terms of Section 203 of the Act, the Key Managerial
for Tata Companies, subject to approval of the Shareholders
Personnel (‘KMPs’) of the Company during FY25 are:
of the Company by way of a Special Resolution at this AGM.
• Mr Girish Wagh, Executive Director
The Board on the recommendation of NRC and in accordance
with provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations has • Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer
appointed Mr Guenter Karl Butschek (DIN: 07427375) as
• Mr Maloy Kumar Gupta, Company Secretary and
an Additional and Non-Executive Independent Director
Compliance Officer
on the Board for a tenure of 5 years from May 1, 2025 to
April 30, 2030 (both days inclusive), subject to approval of During the year under review, there were no change in the
Members at this AGM. He shall hold office as an Additional KMPs of the Company.
Director upto the date of this AGM and is eligible for
appointment as an Independent Director. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
In accordance with provisions of the Act and the Articles of Pursuant to Regulation 34 of the SEBI Listing Regulations,
Association of the Company, Mr Natarajan Chandrasekaran, Report on Corporate Governance along with the certificate
Non-Executive Director (DIN: 00121863) is liable to retire by from a Practicing Company Secretary certifying compliance
rotation at this AGM and is eligible for re-appointment. with conditions of Corporate Governance is annexed to
this Report.
The disclosures required pursuant to Regulation 36 of the SEBI
Listing Regulations and the Secretarial Standards on General
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Meeting (‘SS-2’) are given in the Notice of AGM, forming part
of the Annual Report. The Management Discussion and Analysis, as required in
terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations, is annexed to this Report.
Independent Directors
MEETINGS OF THE BOARD
In terms of Section 149 of the Act and the SEBI Listing
Regulations, Mr Om Prakash Bhatt, Ms Hanne Sorensen, The Board of Directors held 6 (six) meetings during FY25.
Ms Vedika Bhandarkar, Mr Kosaraju Veerayya Chowdary,
For details, please refer to the Report on Corporate
Mr Al-Noor Ramji, Mrs Usha Sangwan, Mr Bharat Puri and
Governance, which forms part of this Report.
Mr Guenter Karl Butschek are the Independent Directors of
the Company as on the date of this Report.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
All Independent Directors of the Company have given
The Committees of the Board focus on certain specific
declarations under Section 149(7) of the Act, that they
areas and make informed decisions in line with the
meet the criteria of independence as laid down under
delegated authority.
Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI
Listing Regulations. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI The following Committees constituted by the Board function
Listing Regulations, the Independent Directors have confirmed according to their respective roles and defined scope:
that they are not aware of any circumstance or situation,
• Audit Committee
which exists or may be reasonably anticipated, that could
impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties with an • Nomination and Remuneration Committee
objective independent judgement and without any external • Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
influence. The Independent Directors of the Company have
• Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
undertaken requisite steps towards the inclusion of their
names in the data bank of Independent Directors maintained • Risk Management Committee
with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs, in terms of
• Safety, Health and Sustainability Committee
Section 150 read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment
and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014. • Technology Committee
• Allotment Committee
80th Integrated Annual Report
160
2024-25

Details of composition, terms of reference and number of POLICY ON DIRECTORS’ APPOINTMENT AND
meetings held in FY25 for the aforementioned committees are REMUNERATION
given in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms
The Company’s Policy on directors’ appointment and
a part of this Report. Further, during the year under review,
remuneration and other matters provided in Section 178(3) of
all recommendations made by the various committees have
the Act (salient features) has been briefly disclosed hereunder
been considered and accepted by the Board.
and in the Report on Corporate Governance, which is a part
of this Report.
BOARD EVALUATION
The annual evaluation process of the Board of Directors, Selection and procedure for nomination and
individual Directors and Committees was conducted in appointment of Directors
accordance with the provision of the Act and the SEBI
The NRC is responsible for developing competency
Listing Regulations.
requirements for the Board based on the industry and
strategy of the Company. The Board composition analysis
The Board evaluated its performance after seeking inputs
reflects in-depth understanding of the Company, including its
from all the Directors on the basis of criteria such as the Board
strategies, environment, operations, financial condition and
composition and structure, effectiveness of Board processes,
compliance requirements.
information and functioning, etc. The performance of the
Committees was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs
The NRC conducts a gap analysis to refresh the Board on a
from the committee members on the basis of criteria such as
periodic basis, including each time a Director’s appointment
the composition of Committees, effectiveness of Committee
or re-appointment is required. The NRC reviews and vets
meetings, etc. The above criteria are broadly based on the the profiles of potential candidates vis-à-vis the required
Guidance Note on Board Evaluation issued by the SEBI.
competencies, undertakes due diligence and meeting
potential candidates, prior to making recommendations of
The Chairman of the Board had one-on-one meetings with
their nomination to the Board.
the Independent directors and the Chairman of NRC had
one-on-one meetings with the Executive and Non-Executive,
Criteria for determining qualifications, positive
Non-Independent Directors. These meetings were intended
attributes and independence of a Director
to obtain Directors’ inputs on effectiveness of the Board/
Committee processes. In terms of the provisions of Section 178(3) of the Act, and
Regulation 19 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the NRC has
The Board and the NRC reviewed the performance of individual
formulated the criteria for determining qualifications, positive
Directors on the basis of criteria such as the contribution of
attributes and independence of Directors, the key features of
the individual Director to the Board and Committee Meetings
which are as follows:
like preparedness on the issues to be discussed, meaningful
and constructive contribution and inputs in meetings, etc. • Qualifications - The Board nomination process
encourages diversity of thought, experience, knowledge,
In a separate meeting of independent directors, performance
age and gender. It also ensures that the Board has an
of Non-Independent Directors and the Board as a whole was
appropriate blend of functional and industry expertise.
evaluated. Additionally, they also evaluated the performance
of Chairman of the Board, taking into account the views of • Positive Attributes - Apart from the duties of Directors
Executive and Non-Executive Directors in the aforesaid as prescribed in the Act, the Directors are expected
Meeting. The Board also assessed the quality, quantity and to demonstrate high standards of ethical behavior,
timeliness of flow of information between the Company communication skills and independent judgment. The
Management and the Board that is necessary for the Board Directors are also expected to abide by the respective
to effectively and reasonably perform their duties. The above Code of Conduct as applicable to them.
evaluations were then discussed in the Board Meeting and
• Independence - A Director will be considered
performance evaluation of Independent directors was done
independent if he / she meets the criteria laid down in
by the entire Board, excluding the Independent Director
Section 149(6) of the Act, the Rules framed thereunder
being evaluated.
and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR It is affirmed that the remuneration paid to Directors,
KMPs and employees is as per the Remuneration Policy of
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
the Company.
Please refer to the Paragraph on Familiarisation Programme
in the Corporate Governance Report for detailed analysis. The remuneration policy for directors, key managerial
personnel and other employees is also available on the
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
161 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
Company’s website URL: https://www.tatamotors.com/wp- 24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board has based
content/uploads/2023/11/remuneration-policy.pdf on the recommendation of Audit Committee approved
appointment of M/s. Parikh & Associates, (Firm Registration
During the year under review, there has been no change to
No. - P1988MH009800), a peer reviewed firm of Company
the remuneration policy.
Secretaries in Practice as Secretarial Auditors of the
Company for a period of five years, i.e., from April 1, 2025 to
VIGIL MECHANISM
March 31, 2030, subject to approval of the Shareholders
The Company believes in the conduct of the affairs of its of the Company at the ensuing AGM. The Report of
constituents in a fair and transparent manner by adopting the Secretarial Auditor for FY25 is annexed herewith as
the highest standards of professionalism, honesty, Annexure – 4A. The said Secretarial Audit Report does not
integrity and ethical behaviour. In line with the Tata Code contain any qualification, reservations, adverse remarks
of Conduct (‘TCoC’), any actual or potential violation, or disclaimer.
howsoever insignificant or perceived as such, would be a
matter of serious concern for the Company. The role of the Secretarial Audit Report of Material Unlisted
employees in pointing out such violations of the TCoC cannot Subsidiary
be undermined.
As per regulation 24(A) of SEBI Listing Regulations, a listed
Pursuant to Section 177(9) of the Act, a vigil mechanism company is required to annex the secretarial audit report
was established for directors and employees to report to of its material unlisted subsidiary in India to its Annual
the management instances of unethical behaviour, actual Report. TMPVL has been identified as Material Unlisted
or suspected, fraud or violation of the Company’s code Subsidiary of the Company in India for FY25 and accordingly
of conduct or ethics policy. The vigil mechanism provides the Company is annexing the Secretarial Audit Report of
adequate safeguards against victimization and multiple TMPVL as Annexure 4B.
channels for reporting concerns including an option for
escalations, if any, to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee Cost Audit & Cost Records
of the Company.
As per Section 148 of the Act, the Company is required
The policy of vigil mechanism is available on the Company’s to have the audit of its cost records conducted by a Cost
website at URL: https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/ Accountant. The Board of Directors of the Company has on
uploads/2023/11/whistle-blower-policy.pdf the recommendation of the Audit Committee, approved the
appointment of M/s Mani & Co., a firm of Cost Accountants
AUDIT in Practice (Registration No.000004) as the Cost Auditors of
the Company to conduct cost audits for relevant products
Statutory Audit prescribed under the Companies (Cost Records and Audit)
Rules, 2014 for FY26. M/s Mani & Co. have, under Section
M/s BSR & Co. LLP, (‘BSR’) Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm
139(1) of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder furnished
No. 101248W/ W–100022), were re-appointed as the Statutory
Auditors of the Company for a tenure of 5 years commencing a certificate of their eligibility and consent for appointment.
from the conclusion of the 77th AGM of the Company until
The Board on recommendations of the Audit Committee
the conclusion of the 82nd AGM of the Company to be held in
have approved the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor,
the year 2027.
subject to ratification of their remuneration by the Members
The Statutory Auditor’s Report does not contain any at this AGM. The resolution approving the above proposal is
qualifications, reservations, adverse remarks or disclaimers. being placed for approval of the Members in the Notice for
this AGM.
Branch Audit
The cost accounts and records of the Company are duly
The resolution authorizing the Board of Directors to appoint prepared and maintained as required under Section 148(1)
Branch Auditors for the purpose of auditing the accounts of Act.
maintained at the Branch offices of the Company abroad is
being placed for approval of the Members in the Notice for
OTHER DISCLOSURES
this AGM.
PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR
Secretarial Audit ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act All contracts/ arrangements/ transactions entered by the
and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Company during the FY25 with related parties were valued
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and amended Regulation on an arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of
80th Integrated Annual Report
162
2024-25

business and approved by the Audit Committee consisting ₹ crore
Name of Companies Nature of Transactions
of Independent Directors. Certain transactions, which were Loans Investment
repetitive in nature, were approved through omnibus route. TMF Holdings Limited Investment - 500
Inter-Corporate 2,145 -
As per the SEBI Listing Regulations, if any Related Party debt
Transactions (‘RPT’) exceeds ₹1,000 crore or 10% of the Jaguar Land Rover Inter-Corporate 5 -
annual consolidated turnover as per the last audited Technology and debt
financial statement whichever is lower, would be considered Business Services
as material and would require Members approval. In this India (P) Ltd.
regard, during the year under review, the Company has Tata Motors Body Loan 174 -
Solutions Limited
taken necessary Members approval. However, there were
no material transactions of the Company with any of its
* “0” refers to amount less than ₹0.50 crore
related parties during the year in terms of Section 134 read
with Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013. Therefore, the During FY25, the Company has not given guarantee to any
disclosure of the Related Party Transactions as required under of its subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates companies and
Section 134(3(h) of the Act in Form AOC-2 is not applicable to other body corporates and persons.
the Company for FY25 and, hence, the same is not required
to be provided. DEPOSITS FROM PUBLIC
The details of RPTs during FY25, including transaction with The Company has not accepted any deposits from public
person or entity belonging to the promoter/ promoter group during the year under review, and as such, no amount
which hold(s) 10% or more shareholding in the Company are principal or interest on deposits from public was outstanding
provided in the accompanying financial statements. as on the date of the balance sheet, except for unclaimed and
unpaid deposits pertaining to previous years.
During FY25, the Non-Executive Directors of the Company had
no pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
other than sitting fees, commission and reimbursement of
expenses, as applicable. Pursuant to SEBI Listing Regulations, Based on the framework of internal financial controls and
the Resolution for seeking approval of the Members on compliance systems established and maintained by the
material related party transactions is being placed at Company, work performed by the internal, statutory, cost,
this AGM. secretarial auditors and external agencies, including audit
of internal controls over financial reporting by the Statutory
Pursuant to the requirements of the Act and the SEBI Listing
Auditors and the reviews performed by Management and the
Regulations, the Company has formulated a policy on RPTs
relevant Board Committees, including the Audit Committee,
and is available on Company’s website URL at: https://www.
the Board is of the opinion that the Company’s internal
tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/rpt-policy.
financial controls were adequate and effective during FY25.
pdf
Accordingly, pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Act, the Board
PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR of Directors, to the best of their knowledge and ability,
INVESTMENTS confirm that:
As per Section 186 of the Act, the details of Loans, Guarantees a) in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable
or Investments made during FY25 are given below: accounting standards have been followed and that there
are no material departures;
₹ crore
Name of Companies Nature of Transactions
Loans Investment b) they have selected such accounting policies and have
TML Smart City Equity infusion - 361 applied them consistently and made judgments and
Mobility Solutions Ltd. Inter-Corporate 438 - estimates that are reasonable and prudent, so as to give
debt a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company
TML CV Mobility Equity infusion - 260 at the end of the financial year and of the profit of the
Solutions Ltd. Inter-Corporate 445 - Company for that period;
debt
c) they have taken proper and sufficient care for
TML Commercial Equity Investment - 0*
Vehicle Limited the maintenance of adequate accounting records
Tata Motors Passenger Acquisition of - 0* in accordance with the provisions of the Act,
Vehicles Limited shares for safeguarding the assets of the Company
and for preventing and detecting fraud and
other irregularities;
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
163 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
d) they have laid down internal financial controls to be GENERAL
followed by the Company and such internal financial
Your Directors state that no disclosure or reporting is
controls are adequate and operating effectively; and
required in respect of the following matters as there were no
transactions on these items during the year under review:
e) they have prepared the annual accounts on a going
concern basis;
• There are no significant material orders passed by the
Regulators or Courts or Tribunal, which would impact
f) they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance
the going concern status of the Company and its future
with the provisions of all applicable laws and such
operation. However, Members attention is drawn to the
systems are adequate and operating effectively.
Statement on Contingent Liabilities and Commitments
Please refer to the paragraph on Internal Control Systems and
in the Notes forming part of the Financial Statement.
their Adequacy in the Management Discussion and Analysis
report for detailed analysis. • No fraud has been reported by the Auditors to the Audit
Committee or the Board.
SECRETARIAL STANDARDS • There has been no change in the nature of business of
the Company.
The Company has devised proper systems to ensure
compliance with the provisions of all applicable Secretarial • There is no proceedings pending under the Insolvency
Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
of India and that such systems are adequate and
operating effectively. • There was no instance of one-time settlement with any
Bank or Financial Institution
INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
FUND
The Directors wish to convey their appreciation to all the
Refer Corporate Governance Report para on ‘Transfer employees of the Company for their contribution towards
of unclaimed / unpaid amounts / shares to the Investor the Company’s performance. The Directors would also like
Education and Protection Fund (IEPF)’ for details on transfer of to thank the members, employee unions, customers, dealers,
unclaimed/unpaid amount/shares to Investor Education and suppliers, bankers, governments and all other business
Protection Fund (IEPF)’. associates for their continuous support to the Company and
their confidence in its management.
On behalf of the Board of Directors
N Chandrasekaran
Chairman
(DIN: 00121863)
Mumbai, May 13, 2025
80th Integrated Annual Report
164
2024-25

Annexure – 1
Details of Remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Employees and comparatives
[Pursuant to Section 197 and Rule 5(1) of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel Rules, 2014]
1. a. The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company and the
percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Company
Secretary in the FY25:
Ratio of remuneration % Increase in
Sr No Name Designation
to median remuneration Remuneration
I Non-Executive Director(s)
1 Mr N Chandrasekaran(1) Chairman- Non-Executive Director -- --
2 Mr Om Prakash Bhatt Independent Director 10.44 2.88
3 Ms Hanne Sorenson Independent Director 10.32 2.75
4 Ms Vedika Bhandarkar Independent Director 10.21 2.11
5 Mr Kosaraju Veerayya Chowdary Independent Director 10.18 29.55
6 Mr Al Noor Ramji Independent Director 10.15 3.48
7 Mrs Usha Sangwan(2) Independent Director 10.10 --
8 Mr Bharat Puri(3) Independent Director -- --
9 Mr Guenter Karl Butschek (4) Independent Director -- --
II Executive Director
1 Mr Girish Wagh Executive Director 69.31 22.58
III Key Managerial Personnel
1 Mr P B Balaji Group Chief Financial Officer NA 1.47
2 Mr Maloy Kumar Gupta Company Secretary NA 35.60 (5)
Notes:
1) As a Policy, Mr N Chandrasekaran, Chairman, has abstained from receiving commission from the Company and hence not stated.
2) Appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, effective from May 15, 2023. Hence, her increase in remuneration is not comparable.
3) Appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, effective from May 15, 2024. Hence, his remuneration is not comparable.
4) Appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, effective from May 1, 2025. Hence no remuneration is paid to the Director.
5) Includes one time ex-gratia amount paid in FY25.
(b) A break-up median remuneration for employees is give below:
Employee Group Median Remuneration (₹ in lakh) Increase in the median Remuneration (%)
White Collar 18.42 8.09
Blue Collar 11.12 11.28
The Median Remuneration of employees for FY25 is ₹12.32 lakh. The percentage increased in the median remuneration
of employees in the financial year is 6.52%.
2. The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company as at March 31, 2025: 20,819
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
165 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
3. Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last
financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and
point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration:
Employee Group Average percentage increase / (decrease) in salaries for FY25 (in %)
All permanent (Blue Collar and White Collar) 4.13
White Collar 6.12
Blue Collar 5.44
Executive Director - Girish Wagh 22.58
Note: Salaries for blue collar includes only TFP (as they are not given any performance linked bonus but have plant-wise wage revision at a set frequency). The annual
variable/performance pay and the salary increment of managers is linked to the Company’s performance in general and their individual performance for the relevant
year is measured against major performance areas which are closely aligned to Company’s objectives. The remuneration for white collar does not include Long
Term Incentives.
4. Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company:
The Company confirms that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.
On behalf of the Board of Directors
N Chandrasekaran
Chairman
Mumbai, May 13, 2025 DIN: 00121863
80th Integrated Annual Report
166
2024-25

ANNEXURE-2
Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Activities
[Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014]
(i) A brief outline of the CSR policy of the • Aarogya (Health):
Company: Focus on child malnutrition, preventive
and curative healthcare, health awareness
1. Overview:
(particularly among women), drinking water
At Tata Motors, CSR is a fundamental part of our projects, and strengthening health institutions.
commitment to being a responsible corporate
citizen. We are dedicated to enhancing the quality • Vidyadhanam (Education):
of life in the communities, with a focus on areas
Includes scholarships, remedial coaching,
surrounding our business operations. Our approach
exam preparation support, co-curricular
prioritizes the needs of disadvantaged groups-
activities, school infrastructure development,
including Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes, and
and financial assistance.
other marginalized communities-while striving to
create long-term value for our stakeholders.
• Kaushalya (Employability):
Our CSR initiatives are aligned with national Skill development programs in partnership
priorities and international development with Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs)
frameworks such as the Sustainable Development covering trades like auto-mechanics, retail,
Goals (SDGs), and are guided by the provisions hospitality, white goods repair, agriculture,
outlined in Schedule VII to the Companies Act, and driver training (both novice and refresher
2013. These initiatives are periodically reviewed programs).
and approved by the CSR Committee and the Board
of Directors. • Vasundhara (Environment):
Environmental awareness programs for
Tata Motors’ CSR efforts are focused on the
school students, and tree plantation drives.
key development areas of Health, Education,
Projects related to conservation of nature
Employability, Environmental Sustainability, Rural
and biodiversity.
Development and Nature and biodiversity. These
initiatives are designed to ensure diversity and
• Rural Development:
inclusivity, and are implemented across rural,
semi-urban, and urban parts of the country. Implementation of integrated village
development interventions in Maharashtra
Our CSR philosophy, “More from Less for More
and aspirational districts of Uttar Pradesh.
People,” reflects our commitment to maximizing
This includes sustainable livelihood
our impact through the efficient use of financial
promotion, basic infrastructure development,
and human resources, while also fostering
and community engagement.
strategic partnerships to expand our reach and
improve outcomes. In addition, the Water Project was implemented
to conserve and augment water availability in
During FY25, in view of the proposed demerger the
selected water-stressed districts of Maharashtra.
Board has recommended formation of a Section 8
Company to consolidate the CSR activities of Tata In FY25, Tata Motors’ CSR programmes reached
Motors Group Companies. Necessary steps are over 1.33 million beneficiaries (1,337,064
being taken in this regard. individuals) across its various interventions.
1.1. CSR Projects 1.2. Employee Volunteering
Our CSR initiatives are organized under five Employee volunteering is a cornerstone of Tata
core thrust areas, along with a focused Rural Motors’ CSR culture. We actively encourage
Development programme especially the Integrated our most valuable assets, our employees - to
Village Development Initiative (IVDP). The contribute their time, skills, and energy to societal
thematic areas include: development through volunteering.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
167 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
Through our structured volunteering programs, employees participated in initiatives such as tree plantation, health
and environment awareness campaigns, and community mentoring. These engagements foster social cohesion,
strengthen communities, and amplify our collective impact.
In FY25, 14,393 employees contributed 1,60,723 volunteering hours through various CSR-related activities.
2. Composition of CSR Committee:
Number of meetings of CSR Committee
Sr Name of Directors Designation/ (Nature of Directorship) during the year
No.
Held Attended
1 Mr Kosaraju Veerayya Chowdary Chairman, Non-Executive, Independent Director 4 4
2 Mr Om Prakash Bhatt Member, Non-Executive, Independent Director 4 4
3. Mr Girish Wagh Member, Executive Director 4 4
3. Web-links of Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on
the website of the Company at:
o Composition of CSR Committee https://www.tatamotors.com/organisation/our-leadership/
o CSR Policy: h ttps://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/csr-policy.pdf; https://www.
tatamotors.com/corporate-responsibility/governance/
o CSR Projects: https://www.tatamotors.com/corporate-responsibility/working-with-communities/
4. The executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance of
sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable: Not applicable.
5. (a) Average Net Profit of the Company as per Section 135(5): ₹(462.57) crore
(b) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5): Not applicable.
(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: Not applicable.
(d) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: Not Applicable.
(e) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (5b+5c+5d): Nil
Due to losses sustained in earlier years, the Company was not legally obligated under Section 135 of the Companies
Act, 2013 to allocate funds for the corporate social responsibility initiatives. Nevertheless, in line with the Company’s
commitment to the community and its desire to sustain and nurture certain social causes, the Company voluntarily
spent ₹26.31 crore on CSR activities in alignment with its established CSR Policy.
6. (a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Projects and other than Ongoing Projects): ₹25.87 crore
(b) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: ₹0.44 crore
(c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Not applicable
(d) Total amount spent for the Financial Year [6(a)+6(b)+6(c)]: ₹26.31 crore
(e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:
(₹ in crore)
Amount Unspent
Total Amount
Total Amount transferred to Unspent CSR Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII as per
Spent for the
Account as per Section 135(6) second proviso to Section 135(5)
Financial Year
Amount Date of transfer Name of the Fund Amount Date of transfer
26.31 Not Applicable
80th Integrated Annual Report
168
2024-25

(f) Excess amount set off, if any:
(₹ in crore)
Sr. No. Particular Amount
(i) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5) N.A.
(ii) Total amount spent for the financial year 26.31
(iii) Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] 26.31
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial Nil
years, if any
(v) Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] 26.31
7. Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years:
(₹ in crore)
Sr. No Preceding Amount Balance Amount in Amount spent Amount transferred Amount remaining to Deficiency,
Financial Year transferred to Unspent CSR Account in the reporting to any fund specified be spent in succeeding if any
Unspent CSR under Section 135(6) Financial Year under Schedule VII Financial Years.
Account under as per section 135(5), (in ₹)
Section 135(6) if any
Date of
Amount
Transfer
NIL
8. Where any capital assets have been created or acquired through CSR amount spent in the Financial Year:
Yes P No
If yes, enter the number of Capital assets created / acquired: Not Applicable
Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through CSR amount spent in the Financial Year:
Short particulars of the Property or Pin code of the
Date of Amount of CSR Details of entity/ Authority/ beneficiary of the
Sr. No.asset(s) (including complete address and property or
creation amount spent registered owner
location of the property) asset(s)
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6)
CSR Registration Registered
Name
Number, if applicable address
NIL
9. Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per Section
135(5): Not Applicable
Girish Wagh Kosaraju Veerayya Chowdary
Executive Director Chairman - CSR Committee
Mumbai, May 13, 2025 DIN:03119361 DIN: 08485334
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
169 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
ANNEXURE - 3
Particulars of Conservation of energy, Technology absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings
and Outgo
Pursuant to Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
A. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY These ENCON efforts in FY25 have resulted into
energy savings of 44.1 lakh kWh electricity and
The Company has always been conscious of the need
12908 GJ of fuel, resulting into avoided emission of
to conserve energy in its Manufacturing Plants which
3978 tCO .
leads to optimized consumption of non-renewable fossil 2
fuels, energy productivity, climate change mitigation, (ii) The steps taken by the Company for
and reduction in operational costs. The Company is also utilizing alternate sources of energy:
signatory to RE100 - a collaborative, global initiative of
The Company continued to add on-site Renewable
influential businesses committed to 100% renewable
Energy (solar) generation capacity in FY25, which
electricity, and is working to increase the amount of
brings the total installed capacity to 55.5 MWp:
renewable energy generated in-house and procured
from off-site sources. • Pimpri (Pune): 18.5 MWp
• Chinchwad (Pune): 2.4 MWp
(i) The steps taken or impact on • Jamshedpur: 11.5 MWp
conservation of energy: • Pantnagar: 16 MWp
• Lucknow: 6.1 MWp
Energy Conservation (ENCON) projects have
• Dharwad: 1 MWp
been implemented at all Plants and Offices of the
Company in a planned and budgeted manner. Some The Company also sources off-site renewable
of the major ENCON projects in FY25 include:: energy through Power Purchase Agreements (PPA)
with Third Party Wind & Solar Power Generators
• Optimization of compressed air consumption
and Green Energy Purchase from Exchange &
at the Foundry, resulting in significant energy
Discom and I-REC’s (international renewable
savings and reduction in CO emissions.
2 energy certificates).
• Elimination of the Sealer Oven process The Company plans to continue to source off-site
in the Paint Shop, leading to substantial renewable power in line with regulatory policies /
energy conservation. frameworks and tariffs in the States where we
operate. These efforts will continue to help offset
• Implementation of Variable Refrigerant Flow
greenhouse gas emissions in the coming years.
(VRF) systems in the Engine Assembly and
Power Train areas to enhance energy efficiency. In FY25 the Company generated / sourced
148 million kWh of renewable electricity for its
• Achievement of energy savings through
manufacturing operations, which amounts to 45%
foundry yield improvement initiatives,
of the total power consumption for the Commercial
realizing an average 2% yield improvement
Vehicle operations. This contributed to avoidance
across various items, contributing to
1.07 lakh tonnes of CO₂ .
significant unit and energy savings.
• Eliminated sealer baking process on paint (iii) T he capital investment on energy
conservation equipment:
shop by implementation of wet-on-wet sealer
Paint Shop to reduce propane consumption In FY25, the Company has invested ₹1.68 crore in
various energy conservation projects.
• Heat Pump utilization for Paint shop Process
tank heating.
B. T ECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, ADAPTATION
• Digitization and furnace optimization in heat AND INNOVATION
treatment area.
The Company is accelerating its commitment to
• Energy efficient HVLS fans installation at sustainable mobility by focusing on the electrification
various assembly lines. of heavy vehicles and the adoption of alternative
80th Integrated Annual Report
170
2024-25

fuel technologies. The Company has been actively disruptors in their individual categories. There were
integrating natural gas and bio-fuel solutions across its other unveils like Ultra E.12, Ultra EV 9, Prima G.55S,
product range to reduce carbon emissions. In addition Magna Coach, Azura T.19, Ace Flex-fuel and Yodha CNG
to pure battery-electric vehicles, The Company is making RMC, all of these launches are with relentless innovation
significant progress in Hydrogen powered fuel-cell and agility, Company will continue to redefine the future
electric technology, with fifteen buses already operating of mobility with sustainable, intelligent, and cutting-edge
in Delhi, as part of fulfilment of tender from Indian Oil solutions – setting new industry standards and creating a
Corporation. A substantial portion of investment is also lasting, positive impact on the environment. Reinforcing
being done towards Hydrogen Internal Combustion its global presence, the Company also launched various
Engine (ICE) technology, with dedicated facilities for products across the territories it operates in.
ensuring cutting-edge advancements in hydrogen-
powered mobility. (i) Efforts made towards innovation,
technology development, absorption, and
As part of its vision for Sustainability through clean
adaptation.
transportation, the Company has begun piloting heavy
commercial electric vehicles which also supports the • Cost-effective emission control technologies
decarbonization agenda of the Government. This also are being developed to ensure both
underscores the Company’s commitment towards compliance with regulations and economic
innovation and cutting-edge technologies. Equipped with viability. Initiatives in calibration and
strong research and product development capabilities, testing are leading to improvements in CO
2
the Company is continuously pushing the boundaries emissions, further reinforcing environmental
in the areas of advanced powertrains, clean energy sustainability. Additionally, a focus on engine
solutions, Smart & Software Oriented next-generation
friction reduction is driving improvements
vehicle technologies. By leveraging digitalization and
& reducing the overall carbon footprint of
cutting-edge engineering, the Company remains at the
commercial vehicles. These efforts reflect
forefront of transforming the automotive industry in
a forward-thinking approach to achieve
India and driving a greener future.
regulatory compliance and operational
Under the aegis of the Ministry of New and Renewable efficiency in the automotive industry.
Energy and in collaboration with strategic partners, the
• To drive the transition toward green mobility,
Company has taken a significant step in assessing the
the Company has introduced cutting edge
real-world commercial viability of using country’s first
e-drivetrain solutions across multiple vehicle
hydrogen powered vehicles for long distance haulage as
categories. These e-aggregates are designed
well as setting-up the requisite enabling infrastructure
for durability, efficiency, and adaptability
for their seamless operation. The trial phase will span up
in commercial vehicles, with reduced
to two years and involves development and deployment
weight, enhance energy efficiency and
of sixteen advanced hydrogen-powered vehicles
payload capacity.
with varying configurations and payload capacities.
These trucks, equipped with new age Hydrogen • The Company also took multiple steps in its
Internal Combustion Engines (H2-ICE) and Fuel Cell journey of Software Defined Vehicle (SDV),
(H2-FCEV) technologies, will be evaluated on India’s with deployment of dedicated structure
most prominent freight routes, including those around & resources. This initiative aims to enable
Mumbai, Pune, Delhi-NCR, Surat, Vadodara, Jamshedpur the SDV ecosystem within Tata Motors and
and Kalinganagar. manage software across various domains.
Over the last many years, the Company has been Long term strategy for the ecosystem has
demonstrating its vision for the Future and Technology been in place and is currently under execution.
capabilities across various automotive shows. At Different SDV variants will ensure vehicle SDV
the Bharat Mobility Global Expo 2025, the Company compliance and allow electronic systems
showcased fourteen vehicles which were equipped to to update various customer feature packs
efficiently service the toughest applications and duty within the framework, offering monetization
cycles. The launches included Ace Pro & Intra EV pickup. benefits for the stakeholders. A vehicle level
The Company also revealed Prima E.55S which is battery Concept featuring various SDV capabilities
operated prime mover & Prima 35.K Auto Shift for deep has been developed, paving the way for the
mining solution. Prima H.28 & Intercity EV Bus 2.0 were formal launch of the program.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
171 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
• The Company has been strengthening its The Company also got a grant of 68 patents during
R&D and new technology development the same period. The filing includes national
capabilities through robust back-end process jurisdiction and grant details include national and
framework. An Annual Technology Planning international jurisdictions. Success on this front
and Development process cuts across various was acknowledged by the following independent
functions and stands alignment to business and credible acknowledgements.
objectives. The Technology Creation and
Key Highlights on the Company’s IPR Process
Development System (TCDS) process works
is the core of this annual cycle and is active • Conducted organization-wide IPR Awareness
round the year to deliver technology concepts Sessions that covering over 1,100 employees.
in various forms across mega themes of
• Initiated Competitor Patent Watch exercise
Clean, Sustainable, Smart, Autonomous, Safe
and Desirable Vehicles. Over 70 such projects to flag relevant competitor patents to
were undertaken in FY25. technical teams.
• As part of the Company’s commitment • IP collaboration with vendors to create
to Quality excellence and delivering first joint IPs and a new revenue stream for
time right products, Tata Motors has the organization
taken significant strides in strengthening
• The Company bagged Multiple IPR Awards
Engineering Quality Management through
at the 10th CII Industrial Intellectual Property
the integrated deployment of Zero Design
Award Ceremony. These include Best Design
Defect (ZDD), World-Class Quality (WCQ)
Portfolio’ and a Special recognition for ‘Patent
principles, and the adoption of Total Quality
Portfolio in EV Space’.
Management (TQM) across the engineering/R
& D functions. The ZDD framework is being • The Company was conferred with ‘The Top
institutionalized to proactively prevent design- Patent Driven Industry Award” by ASSOCHAM.
related issues through robust front-loading
practices, proactive failure mode avoidance, (ii) Benefits derived as a result of the above
and occurrence prevention by leveraging past efforts.
learnings and promoting knowledge reuse.
• By investing in e-aggregates and AMT
The WCQ principles are being embedded into technologies, the Company is shaping the
engineering workflows to enhance first-time future of clean, efficient, and driver-friendly
right design, drive systemic issue resolution, and mobility solutions. These initiatives not only
reinforce quality ownership at all levels. In parallel, enhance vehicle performance and operational
the adoption of TQM is fostering a culture of efficiency but also play a crucial role in
structured problem solving, process discipline, reducing environmental impact.
and continuous improvement. With continued
• Through continuous innovation and strategic
focus on digitalization, the Software Quality Gate
sustainability efforts, the Company remains
process has been a key milestone in this journey
committed to delivering next-generation
to ensure robust, safe, and compliant software
transmission solutions that align with global
delivery. Together, these initiatives enable a holistic
net-zero objectives and ensure a greener,
transformation, aligning engineering capabilities
with the organization’s vision for delivering defect- more efficient transportation ecosystem.
free, reliable, and customer-centric products.
The Company received a wide acclamation of its
efforts across its range of technologies & products
IPR creation
through multiple awards and accolades. Few of
On the front of creating value for stakeholders them are listed below:
and the nation through IPR, the Company filed a
P Automotive champion award in SHOONYA-
record number of 1,521 IPRs during the period
Net zero pollution initiative led by NITI Aayog
of April 24 to March 25 which include 250
to a sustainable future and aligning with the
patent applications, 148 design applications,
1,042 Notarizations, 81 copyright application. net zero ambition.
80th Integrated Annual Report
172
2024-25

P Golden Peacock Eco-Innovation Award Major technology imports include-
(GPEIA) for innovation in Tata Ace EV.
Sr. Year of
Technology For Status
P Prestigious Apollo Commercial Vehicle Awards No. Import
1 Wireless Technologies FY23 Technology
2024 across multiple categories
for Electrification Absorbed
P The Company was honored with SAE India 2 Integrated Power FY23 Technology
Foundation Awards in the category of Electronics controller Absorbed
“Corporate Association.” 3 Advanced energy FY23 Technology
storage systems – UOT* Not
P CII Awards in multiple categories like
Absorbed
Digitalization, Robotics Automation &
4 Test facility for FY24 Technology
Sustainable material solutions etc.
Hydrogen IC engines Absorbed
P The Jury Mention Award for “Prima- Safe 5 Development of Axle FY24 Technology
and Smart Truck” at the 6th Edition of FICCI system for Double Absorbed
decker Bus
Road Safety Awards and Conclave 2024 in
“Road Safety Initiatives / Interventions by 6 Development of Co- FY25 Technology
axial based eAxle Absorbed
Automobile Companies” category
system
P The Company won four awards at the 7 Digitally Integrated FY25 Technology
Intrapreneurship Conclave (Vanguard Dynamic Performance Absorbed
Awards). Validation for EV
Powertrain.
P The Company participated at the INSAAN
* Areas where Technology not fully absorbed and the reasons
National Convention and bagged multiple
thereof: The Advanced energy storage systems – UOT project
awards across various categories. had been discontinued, as the expected deliverables outlined
in the agreement had not been met.
P The Company was declared Winner of ‘Asia IP
Elite 2024’ at IP Business Congress (IPBC) Asia (iv) The expenditure incurred on Research and
@ Tokyo. Development:
The Company spent ₹2,089 crore (including
(iii) Major technology absorption projects
₹1,056 crore on Capital Expenditure) for
undertaken during the last year includes:
Research & Development work during FY25, which
Sr. No. Technology Status was approximately 3.01% of the total turnover.
1 In-House Development of Technology
Multi Speed Transmission Absorbed Specific areas in which R & D was carried
Control Unit
out by the Company
2 In-House Development of In the process
• The Company is focused on developing high-
Torque Vectoring Technology of Absorption
performance, energy-efficient trucks for
3 In-house EV Powertrain In the process
the market, alongside advancing ILMCV and
Controller for all CV EV of Absorption
platforms HCV trucks built on the BEV platform with
various voltage architectures. In parallel, the
4 HIL testing lab for all Battery Technology
Management systems till Absorbed Company has been working on vehicle control
1000V with cell emulation strategies designed to optimize EV efficiency
5 Development of in-house HV In the process by leveraging multiple efficiency levers.
architecture simulation model of Absorption
• As a responsible Automaker, the Company
6 Alternate material for DPF In the process
has been playing an important role in
of Absorption
democratizing road safety, categorized into
7 Dynamic Spark advance for Technology
Active (Accident Prevention) and Passive
gasoline engines Absorbed
Safety (Mitigation of Injuries). Globally
8 Extension of VGT (variable Technology
Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS)
geometry turbo) technology Absorbed
for CNG engines & other heavy has been identified as an instrumental
duty Diesel engines technology in preventing road accidents.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
173 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
Features such as Driver Monitoring System, paving the way for a more sustainable, high-
Passive Lane Change Assist, Emergency Stop performance future for commercial vehicles.
Signal, Moving Off Information System and
Blind Spot Information System are particularly INITIATIVES TOWARDS DIGITAL PRODUCT
important for commercial vehicles. the DEVELOPMENT SYSTEMS:
Company launched country’s first truck with Digital Excellence through New Technology Adoptions
ADAS features in 2023 and remains committed and Digitalization
to the cause of safety. There is a dedicated
• Continuous adoption of new technologies in the
technology roadmap being followed and at
digital product development domain to improve
the recently concluded Bharat Mobility Expo,
product design & development processes
the Company demonstrated trucks with level
contributed to two key goals – Time to Market
2 ADAS features.
& World Class Quality. Front loading in design
• Additionally, the implementation of AIML & development resulted in timely delivery and
projects have been underway, aimed at ensuring that new products are developed
enhancing product features, improving with lower cost impacts due to changes. Niche
processes, and driving efficiency gains integration tools, systems and processes continue
using AI/Generative AI technologies. the to be enhanced in the areas of CAx, Knowledge
Company’s journey on this front commenced Based Engineering (KBE), Product Lifecycle
few years back with Exploration of Machine Management (PLM) and Manufacturing Planning
Learning / Deep learning for solving various Management (MPM) for more efficient end-to-end
Engineering and Product Development delivery of the product development process.
related use cases. These solutions span
• Data driven analytics using AIML/Gen AI play a
across Process Optimization, Quality
significant role in enhancing business operations
Predictions, Connected Vehicle Platform,
to the next level. Data analytics provide insights of
Natural Voice Processing, Industry 4.0 among
what, where and when about failure/critical events
others and are linked to yielding business
to focus on and alerts for planning corrective
benefits. Many AIML applications have been
actions in advance. Use of predictive models in
implemented/are under development from
various aspects of product development and
an Engineering standpoint.
manufacturing is not only shortening cycle time but
• Ongoing research and development in also reducing time to converge on early decisions.
AMT technology are focused on further
• Digital transformation of business processes
enhancing its adaptability to diverse Indian
signifies a shift from traditional methods of
road conditions, improving fuel efficiency,
managing repetitive tasks to the implementation
and optimizing performance in varying traffic
of digital tools and technologies. Journey towards
and terrain. Engineers are working to refine Business Process Excellence continued with the
automated gear shifting systems for even digitalization of new business processes using our
smoother transitions, aiming to reduce wear in-house developed business process modelling
and tear and further increase driver’s comfort platform. This platform enables management
and safety. to conduct business anytime, anywhere.
The integration of product development and
• Company’s efforts towards research in
manufacturing business processes has fostered
Innovative materials like reinforced composites
better collaboration and quicker decision-
and Nano-engineered coatings offers
making, thereby enhancing the productivity of
superior strength and corrosion resistance.
both design and manufacturing, and enabling
Furthermore, additive manufacturing (3D
process innovation.
printing) is streamlining the production of
complex parts, reducing material waste and
COMPETENCY DEVELOPMENT
manufacturing costs. As the industry moves
towards electrification, battery enclosures • The Future Capabilities Development initiatives
and thermal management systems are have truly transformed the technical expertise and
benefiting from high-performance composites domain knowledge of our engineers. Programs
and advanced ceramics, ensuring safety and focusing on Functional Safety and Advanced
Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) have equipped
efficiency. These material innovations are
80th Integrated Annual Report
174
2024-25

our team with advanced skills in software and improved sustainability. Innovations in material
hardware integration, as well as autonomous collection, processing & recycling technologies
driving technologies, ensuring our vehicles are have enabled the use of high-quality recycled
both robust and safe. materials viz. polymers in dashboards and fabrics.
These efforts align with global sustainability goals
• Our higher education initiatives, such as the M
and EPRs reinforcing the commitment to a greener
Tech programs in AI/ML, have played a vital role in
automotive ecosystem.
building future capabilities by fostering advanced
analytical and machine learning skills. We are • A circular economy approach is being embraced
also excited about our company-sponsored PhD through remanufacturing, refurbishing, and
program in collaboration with institutes of national reusing vehicle components, extending product
repute, which aims to create experts within our lifespans while minimizing waste. Advanced battery
organization, driving innovation and research. recycling programs for electric vehicles (EVs) ensure
valuable materials like lithium, cobalt, and nickel
FUTURE AREAS OF FOCUS: are recovered and reintegrated into new battery
production. Additionally, digital technologies, such
• The Company will continue its endeavor in R&D
as AI-driven predictive maintenance, are optimizing
space to develop technologies, skill set and
vehicle longevity and operational efficiency,
competence which will help the Company meet
reducing resource consumption.
future product mix while meeting the Regulatory
roadmap of the Government and exceeding
expectations of our customers. C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND
OUTGO
• The future of EV development will focus on
advancing technologies, with an emphasis on (₹ in crore)
further enhancing energy efficiency and reducing Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo in FY 25
mechanical losses. Researchers are dedicated Earning in Foreign Currency 4,547
to refining e-axle systems to optimize vehicle Expenditure in Foreign Currency 862
performance by minimizing energy consumption
and advancing cleaner transportation solutions. On behalf of the Board of Directors
• Use of recycled materials in commercial vehicles
is becoming increasingly important as industry
seeks to reduce its environmental impact. Recycled N Chandrasekaran
materials offer a number of benefits, including Chairman
reduced waste, lower production costs and Mumbai, May 13, 2025 DIN: 00121863
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
175 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
ANNEXURE 4A
FORM NO. MR - 3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT OF THE COMPANY FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
[Pursuant to section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To, (b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
The Members,
(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
Tata Motors Limited
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance Regulations, 2018;
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good
(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share
corporate practices by Tata Motors Limited (hereinafter
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)
called the Company). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a
Regulations, 2021;
manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the
corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing (e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
our opinion thereon. (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities)
Regulations, 2021;
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers,
minute books, forms and returns filed and other records (f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
maintained by the Company, to the extent the information (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)
provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorised Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act
representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, and dealing with client; (Not applicable to the
the explanations and clarifications given to us and the Company during the audit period)
representations made by the Management and considering
(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
the relaxations granted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021 and
and Securities and Exchange Board of India, we hereby
amendments from time to time; (Not applicable to
report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the
the Company during the audit period) and
audit period covering the financial year ended on March 31,
(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
2025, generally complied with the statutory provisions listed
(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not
hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board
applicable to the Company during the audit period)
processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent,
in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter: (vi) Other laws applicable specifically to the
Company namely:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms
and returns filed and other records made available to us and 1. The Motor Vehicle Act, 1988 and the Rules
maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on made thereunder.
March 31, 2025 according to the provisions of:
We have also examined compliance with the
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules applicable clauses of the following:
made thereunder;
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The
(ii) The Securities Contract (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) Institute of Company Secretaries
and the rules made thereunder; of India with respect to board and
general meetings.
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and
Bye-laws framed thereunder; (ii) The Listing Agreements entered into
by the Company with BSE Limited and
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
and regulations made thereunder to the extent of
read with the Securities and Exchange
Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment
Board of India (Listing Obligations
and External Commercial Borrowings;
and Disclosure Requirements)
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed
Regulations, 2015.
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,
During the period under review, the Company has
1992 (‘SEBI Act’):
generally complied with the provisions of the Act, rules,
(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. mentioned above.
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)
We report that in terms of the Scheme of Arrangement
Regulations, 2011;
of the Company and its shareholders and creditors for
80th Integrated Annual Report
176
2024-25

the reduction through cancellation of the ‘A’ Ordinary their respective shareholders under Sections 230-232
Shares of the Company, as approved by Hon’ble National for: (i) demerger of the Company’s Commercial Vehicles
Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench vide its Order Business (as defined in the Scheme) from TML to TMLCV,
dated 02.08.2024, the Company cancelled 50,85,02,896 and (ii) merger of TMPV undertaking the Passenger
‘A’ Ordinary Shares of ₹2.00 each (₹102 crore) and issued Vehicles Business with TML. The effectiveness of the
and allotted 35,59,52,028 New Ordinary Shares of ₹2.00 Scheme would result in creation of two listed companies
each (₹71 crore) to TML Securities Trust. TML Securities with mirror shareholding with the Resulting Company
Trust was able to credit New Ordinary Shares to the housing the Commercial Vehicles Business and the
respective ‘A’ Ordinary shareholders, except 173,389 Amalgamated Company housing the Passenger Vehicles
New Ordinary Shares. Of these 86,411 New Ordinary Business. Upon the effectiveness of the Scheme, the
Shares, have been transferred to Investors Education Amalgamated Company carrying on Passenger Vehicles
and Protection Fund on March 13, 2025. Business will be renamed as “Tata Motors Passenger
We further report that: Vehicles Limited” and the Resulting Company, carrying
on the Commercial Vehicles Business, will be renamed
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted
as “Tata Motors Limited”. The Scheme would be
with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive
subject to necessary approval of all statutory and
Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the
regulatory authorities.
composition of the Board of Directors that took place during
the period under review were carried out in compliance with 4. Incorporated a Wholly Owned Subsidiary namely ”Tata
the provisions of the Act. Motors Digital.AI Labs Limited” on March 17, 2025.
Adequate notice was given to all directors to schedule the 5. Allotted 8,62,318 Ordinary shares of ₹2/- each under
Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were Tata Motors Limited Employees Stock Option Scheme
sent at least seven days in advance for meetings other than 2018 and 7,95,395 Ordinary shares of ₹2/- each under
those held at shorter notice for which necessary consents Tata Motors Limited Share-based Long Term Incentive
have been sought at the meeting, and a system exists for Scheme 2021. Also, during the financial year 3,59,899
seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications Performance Share Units were granted to the eligible
on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful employees under Tata Motors Limited Share-based Long
participation at the meeting. Term Incentive Scheme 2024.
As per the minutes, decisions at the Board Meetings were 6. Issued commercial paper aggregating to
taken unanimously. ₹1,600 crore and redeemed commercial paper
aggregating to ₹1,600 crore.
We further report that there are adequate systems and
processes in the Company commensurate with the size and 7. Issued and allotted 2,00,000 Rated, Listed, Unsecured,
operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance Redeemable, Non-Convertible Debentures of face value
with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines. ₹1,00,000 each aggregating to up to ₹2,000 crore on a
private placement basis in three tranches – 7.65% Tata
We further report that during the audit period the Company
Motors Limited 2027 - Tranche I NCDs 7.65% Tata Motors
had following events which had bearing on the Company’s
Limited 2028 - Tranche II NCDs 7.65% Tata Motors
affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules,
Limited 2028 - Tranche III NCDs.
regulations, guidelines, standards, etc.
8. Redeemed Non-Convertible Debentures aggregating to
1. Pursuant to the Order dated 02.08.2024, the Hon’ble
₹600 crore.
National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench,
accorded its approval to Scheme of Arrangement of the For Parikh & Associates
Company and its shareholders and creditors (“Scheme”) Company Secretaries
for the reduction through cancellation of the ‘A’ Ordinary
Shares and the consequent issuance and allotment
of the Ordinary Shares, as consideration other than P. N. Parikh
cash for such reduction. The Company on 01.09.2024 Partner
allotted 35,59,52,028 Ordinary Shares to the holders of FCS No: 327
‘A’ Ordinary Shares of the Company as on record date CP No: 1228
01.09.2024. UDIN: F000327G000324970
2. Approved the merger of Tata Motors Finance Limited, PR No.: 6556/2025
a step down subsidiary of the Company with Tata Place: Mumbai
Capital Limited Date: May 13, 2025
3. Approved a Composite Scheme of Arrangement
This Report is to be read with our letter of even date which
amongst the Company into TML Commercial Vehicles
is annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of
Limited and Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited and
this report.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
177 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
‘Annexure A’
To,
The Members
Tata Motors Limited
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the
correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts
are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and
regulations and happening of events, etc.
5. The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility
of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Parikh & Associates
Company Secretaries
P. N. Parikh
Partner
FCS No: 327
CP No: 1228
Place: Mumbai UDIN: F000327G000324970
Date: May 13, 2025 PR No.: 6556/2025
80th Integrated Annual Report
178
2024-25

ANNEXURE 4B
Secretarial Audit Report of Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited (Unlisted Material Subsidiary)
FORM NO. MR - 3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To, Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment
The Members, and External Commercial Borrowings;
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good
(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
corporate practices by Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)
Limited (formerly known as TML Business Analytics Services
Regulations, 2011; (Not applicable to the Company
Limited) (hereinafter called “the Company”). Secretarial Audit
during the audit period)
was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable
basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory (b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, (Not applicable to the Company during the audit
minute books, forms and returns filed and other records period)
maintained by the Company, to the extent the information
(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of
provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit,
2018; (Not applicable to the Company during the
the explanations and clarifications given to us and the
audit period)
representations made by the Management and considering
the relaxations granted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share
we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)
during the audit period covering the financial year ended on Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to the Company
March 31, 2025, generally complied with the statutory during the audit period)
provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has
(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in place
(Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities)
to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting
Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to the Company
made hereinafter:
during the audit period)
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms
(f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
and returns filed and other records made available to us and
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)
maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act
March 31, 2025 according to the provisions of:
and dealing with client; (Not applicable to the
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules
Company during the audit period)
made thereunder;
(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(ii) The Securities Contract (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’)
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021;
and the rules made thereunder; (Not applicable to the
(Not applicable to the Company during the audit
Company during the audit period)
period) and
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
laws framed thereunder;
(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 and
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules amendments from time to time; (Not applicable to
and regulations made thereunder to the extent of the Company during the audit period)
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
179 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Board’s Report
(vi) Other Regulations applicable specifically to the 1) The Board at its meeting held on August 1, 2024
Company namely: approved the Composite Scheme of Arrangement
(“Scheme”) amongst Tata Motors Limited (“Tata Motors”
(a) The Motor Vehicle Act, 1988 and the Rules
or “Demerged Company” or “Amalgamated Company”),
made thereunder
TML Commercial Vehicles Limited (“TMLCV” or
We have also examined compliance with the applicable “Resulting Company”), Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles
clauses of the following: Limited/the Company (“TMPV” or “Amalgamating
Company”) and their respective shareholders, under
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of
Sections 230-232 and other applicable provisions of
Company Secretaries of India with respect to board
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Scheme
and general meetings.
provides for, inter alia, the following:
During the period under review, the Company has
a. demerger, transfer and vesting of the Demerged
complied with the provisions of the Act, rules, regulations,
Undertaking, comprising of the Commercial
guidelines, standards, etc. mentioned above.
Vehicles Business, from the Demerged Company
We further report that: into the Resulting Company on a going concern
basis, and issue of shares by the Resulting Company
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted
to the shareholders of the Demerged Company, in
with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive
accordance with Share Entitlement Ratio;
Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the
composition of the Board of Directors that took place b. amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company with
during the period under review were in compliance of the the Amalgamated Company with an objective of
applicable provisions. consolidating the Passenger Vehicles Business
with the Amalgamated Company and consequent
Adequate notice was given to all directors to schedule the
dissolution of the Amalgamating Company without
Board Meetings. Agenda and detailed notes on agenda were
being wound up;
sent at least seven days in advance other than those held at
shorter notice, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining The Scheme is subject to approvals from National Company
further information and clarifications on the agenda items Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) and other authorities.
before the meeting and for meaningful participation at
the meeting.
For Parikh & Associates
As per the minutes, decisions at Board Meetings were taken Company Secretaries
unanimously/requisite majority.
We further report that there are systems and processes in the
Jeenal Jain
Company commensurate with the size and operations of the
Partner
Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable
FCS No.: 13280
laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
CP No.: 21246
We further report that during the audit period the Company UDIN: F01328G000251496
had following events which had bearing on the Company’s PR No.: 6556/2025
affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, Date: May 2, 2025
regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. Place: Mumbai
This Report is to be read with our letter of even date which
is annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of
this report.
80th Integrated Annual Report
180
2024-25

‘Annexure A’
To,
The Members,
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness
of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected
in secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and
regulations and happening of events, etc.
5. The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility
of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Parikh & Associates
Company Secretaries
Jeenal Jain
Partner
FCS No.: 13280
CP No.: 21246
Date: May 2, 2025 UDIN: F01328G000251496
Place: Mumbai PR No.: 6556/2025
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
181 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Section A: General Disclosures
I. Details of the listed entity
1. Corporate Identity Number (CIN) L28920MH1945PLC004520
2. Name of the Listed Entity: Tata Motors Limited
3. Year of incorporation: 1945
4. Registered office address: Bombay House, 24 Homi Mody Street, Mumbai
400001, Maharashtra, India.
5. Corporate Address: Bombay House, 24 Homi Mody Street, Mumbai,
Maharashtra- 400001, India
6. E-mail: inv_rel@tatamotors.com
7. Telephone: +91 22 66658282
8. Website: https://www.tatamotors.com
9. Financial year for which reporting is being done: FY2024-25
10. Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed: BSE Limited and The National Stock Exchange of India
Limited.
11. Paid-up Capital: ₹736 crore
12. Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of Name: Mr. Jyotindran Sastabhavan Kutty
the person who may be contacted in case of any queries Designation: Chief Sustainability Officer
on the BRSR report: Telephone Number: +91 20 6613 2781
E-mail address: kutty@tatamotors.com
13. Reporting boundary: Report is prepared on a standalone basis i.e, Tata Motors Limited (‘TML’ or ‘the Company’)
(Commercial Vehicle Business). The scope of this report excludes the joint operations of Tata Cummins Private Limited.
The Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting (‘BRSR’) is in conformance with the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Reporting of environmental and safety related KPIs under Principle 3 and 6 does not include the non-manufacturing
locations including regional and corporate offices of TML. TML has evaluated and does not believe that this exclusion
is material both qualitatively and quantitatively to the reporting under BRSR.
The information/data measurement techniques used, and the basis of calculations and estimates have been mentioned
in the relevant sections of this report.
There are certain restatements for TML in the comparative year due to change in approach, methodology and
re-computation of certain attributes in this report. The effects and reasons have been included under the respective
Principles of this report. Restatements have been done on the following attributes – PoSH, energy consumption, GHG
emissions, air emissions, PPP adjusted intensities for environmental attributes and concentration of purchases. These
restatements would enable consistency and comparability of information for the current year and previous year.
14. Name of Assurance Provider: KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP (‘KPMG’)
15. Type of assurance obtained: Reasonable assurance has been provided on BRSR Core Indicators for TML on a
standalone basis. Additionally, limited assurance has been provided on select BRSR indicators which are not part of
BRSR core.
II. Products/Services
16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the Turnover):
Description of main activity Description of business activity % of turnover
Automobile Manufacturing Manufacturing, Sales & Marketing, and Customer Support 98
80th Integrated Annual Report
182
2024-25

17. Products / Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s turnover):
Sr.
Products/ Services NIC Code % of total turnover contributed
No.
1 Vehicles 291, 292, 293 84
2 Spare parts 453 11
III. Operations
18. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:
Locations Number of plants Number of offices Total
National 7 37 44
International 0 3 3
19. Markets served by the entity:
a) Number of locations:
Locations Number
National (no. of states) Pan - India
International (no. of countries) 57
b) What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
5%
c) A brief on types of customers:
TML’s Commercial Vehicles business (‘CV’) caters to a diverse range of customers with varying needs and
requirements. Customers include - fleet owners, transporters, government agencies, defense, public transport
utilities, small and medium enterprises (SMEs), agriculture and rural segment, mining and construction
industry etc.
IV. Employees
20. Details as at the end of Financial Year: FY 2024-25
a) Employees and workers (including differently abled) :
Sr. Male Female
Particulars Total (A)
No. No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A)
Employees
i. Permanent employees (D) 8,616 7,838 91 778 9
ii. Other than Permanent employees (E) 111 63 57 48 43
iii. Total Employees (D+ E) 8,727 7,901 91 826 9
Workers
iv. Permanent (F) 12,203 11,864 97 339 3
v. Other than Permanent (G) 16,054 13,272 83 2,782 17
vi. Total Workers (F +G) 28,257 25,136 89 3,121 11
Tata Motors, a flagship company of the Tata Group, has built its remarkable journey on a foundation of inclusivity,
empathy, and strong cultural values. As a leader in the automotive sector, it has taken significant strides in
promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) across its workforce, supply chains, and customer base. This
holistic approach is deeply rooted in the Tata Group’s philosophy, which centres on building a sustainable and
equitable world for all. Tata Motors’ commitment to these principles has positioned it as not only a leader in the
automotive sector but also a champion of social equity and inclusivity.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
183 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
We respect differences that are fundamental to an individual’s identity, such as age, gender, ethnicity, race,
physical ability, mental ability, and sexual orientation, as well as latent and invisible differences that shape
our perspectives, like education, work experience, parental status, etc. We are committed to being an equal
opportunity employer, maintaining dignity and respect for all.
Tata Motors defines DEI as establishing an environment where diversity is embraced as a natural and integral
part of the organisation. We believe—and have witnessed—that a gender-balanced workforce leads to increased
productivity, better decisions, enhanced collaboration, and more innovative ideas. We are gradually focusing on
moving beyond gender and have received well-accepted dipstick research to support this as well.
In order to mobilize DEI in our DNA, we have framed the 10-point Lighthouse approach to build a standardized,
mature model of DEI that helps us stay abreast of the latest societal developments and simultaneously
implement the same in the organization. These include enhancing gender diversity in the workforce along with
representation at the leadership level, with the goal of having 10% women in senior management by 2026. Tata
Motors has also taken landmark steps to increase the representation of the LGBTQ+ community in its workforce
through various hiring pilot initiatives. Adhering to the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016, Tata Motors
also has hiring pilots for the differently abled, along with making the working environment conducive for them to
function well through steps like infrastructure readiness. Apart from these, sensitization of the overall workforce
to enable a friendly working atmosphere for all was achieved through training sessions with 84% coverage last
year and an intention to raise this number in the following years.
We are working towards creating an inclusive workplace culture through our policies and processes. The company
organizes sensitisation and awareness campaigns to help create an open mind and culture to leverage diversity
at the workplace.
Tata Motors also keeps enhancing its Diversity, Equity, and Inclusivity principles in the workforce through
processes like ISO DEI Audits, Culture Surveys, etc., thereby making its initiatives more holistic in contributing
better towards the empowerment of vulnerable sections of society and thus towards building a better future
for all.
b) Differently abled employees and workers:
Sr. Male Female
Particulars Total (A)
No. No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A)
Differently Abled Employees
i. Permanent employees (D) 10 10 100 0 0
ii. Other than Permanent employees (E) 0 0 - 0 -
iii. Total Employees (D+ E) 10 10 100 0 0
Differently Abled Workers
iv. Permanent (F) 9 9 100 0 0
v. Other than Permanent (G) 129 94 73 35 27
vi. Total Workers (F +G) 138 103 75 35 25
We are committed to providing equal opportunity to all employees without regard to their race, caste, gender,
religion, colour, nationality, disability, etc. All employees (including permanent, temporary, trainees, and
contract employees) are treated with dignity with a view to maintaining a safe work environment. Moreover,
we recognize the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (RPWD) Act of 2016 in India as a guiding light, mandating
measures to ensure equal opportunities and access for people with disabilities. In our efforts to comply with
applicable regulations, various strategies are provided to enhance the accessibility of premises and office spaces,
with particular attention to locations presenting unique infrastructural challenges.
80th Integrated Annual Report
184
2024-25

21. Participation / Inclusion / Representation of women:
No. and percentage of Females
Particulars Total (A)
No. (B) % (B / A)
Board of Directors 9 3 33.33
Key Management Personnel 2* 0 0
* Key Managerial Personnel excludes Whole Time Director/ Executive Director as already included under Board of Directors.
22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers :
FY25 FY24 FY23
Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total
Permanent Employees 6.8 11.0 7.2 6.7 11.5 7.0 6.9 17.1 7.6
Permanent Workers 1.1 1.1 1.1 2.2 0.5 2.2 0.2 0.5 0.2
Note: Turnover rate includes those who leave voluntarily or involuntarily due to dismissal, termination, retirement or death.
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including Joint Ventures)
23. Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures:
Refer to Form AOC-1 provided in this Integrated Annual Report for the list of subsidiary companies. From the list of
subsidiary companies mentioned in AOC-1, the subsidiaries listed below participate in the Business Responsibility
initiatives of the Company. However, this BRSR covers sustainability information of TML only.
1. Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited
2. Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited
3. Tata Motors Global Services Limited (formerly known as TML Business Services Limited)
4. TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Limited
5. Tata Motors Body Solutions Limited (formerly known as Tata Marcopolo Motors Limited)
6. Tata Daewoo Mobility Company Ltd. - South Korea
7. Automobile Corporation of Goa Limited
8. Tata AutoComp Systems Limite
9. TML CV Mobility Solutions Limited
10. TML Smart City Mobility Solutions (J&K) Private Limited
VI. CSR details
24. CSR Activities
I. Whether CSR is applicable as per Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013: Yes
II. Turnover: ₹68,023 crore
III. Net worth: ₹32,041 crore
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
185 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
25. Complaints / Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible
Business Conduct:
Grievance redressal mechanism in place FY 25 FY 24
Stakeholder Number of Number of
group from complaints complaints
whom If Yes, then provide web-link for grievance Number of pending Number of pending
complaint is redress policy complaints resolution Remarks complaints resolution Remarks
received filed at the end of filed at the end of
the year the year
Yes. We have a community feedback
mechanism across our CSR projects, and any
aggrieved individuals or groups can express
their grievances through this annual exercise
or on an as-and-when-required basis.
The Whistleblower Policy has been
formulated with a view to provide a
Communities mechanism for any other stakeholders NIL NIL NIL NIL -
of the Company, including communities,
to approach the Ethics Counsellor, Apex
Ethics Committee, Chairperson of the
Audit Committee of the Company, or other
channels set out in this Policy, to report
violations of the Code of Conduct or any
other grievances.
Investors Yes, the dispute resolution mechanism is
(other than available at https://www.tatamotors.com/ NIL NIL NIL NIL -
shareholders) newsroom/investor-contacts/
Shareholders Yes, the shareholders can register their 210 22 115 7
grievances at https://scores.sebi.gov.in/
Employees Yes. The Whistleblower Policy has been
and workers formulated with a view to provide a
mechanism for directors, employees, as
well as other stakeholders of the Company
to approach the Ethics Counsellor, Apex
Ethics Committee, Chairperson of the
Audit Committee of the Company, or other We are
channels set out in this policy, to report currently in
violations of the Code of Conduct or any process of All the open
other grievances. evaluating complaints
the pending
from FY24
https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/ complaints
have been
uploads/2023/10/whistle-blower-policy-1.pdf 64 2 and 36 6 resolved as
appropriate
Additionally, our organization has established of FY25.
actions shall
dedicated forums at various levels to ensure
be taken
the effective handling of grievances related to
on resolution.
our valued workmen. These forums—namely
the Joint Shop Council (JSC), Joint Divisional
Council (JDC), and Joint Management Council
(JMC)—are strategically located at the Shop,
Division, and Plant levels, respectively. These
forums serve as platforms where workmen
can table their grievances, ensuring that their
voices are heard and addressed in a timely
and appropriate manner.
80th Integrated Annual Report
186
2024-25

Grievance redressal mechanism in place FY 25 FY 24
Stakeholder Number of Number of
group from complaints complaints
whom If Yes, then provide web-link for grievance Number of pending Number of pending
complaint is redress policy complaints resolution Remarks complaints resolution Remarks
received filed at the end of filed at the end of
the year the year
Customers Yes. The Whistleblower Policy has been 3 0 1 0
formulated with a view to provide a
Value mechanism for directors, employees, as 8 0 10 1
Chain Partners well as other stakeholders of the Company
to approach the Ethics Counsellor, Apex We are
Ethics Committee, Chairperson of the currently in
Audit Committee of the Company, or other process of
channels set out in this policy, to report evaluating All the open
Other violations of the Code of Conduct or any the pending complaints
(anonymous other grievances. complaints from FY24
cases, and have been
contractual https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/ appropriate resolved as
employees, uploads/2023/10/whistle-blower-policy-1.pdf 84 7 actions 54 4 of FY25.
former Customers can also raise their complaints and shall be
employees, feedback on products through channels such taken on
other third as call centres, a 24x7 toll-free number, the resolution.
parties)) website, social media, letter, or by directly
reaching out to Channel Partners (showrooms
and workshops). These complaints are not
part of the numbers reported here.
26. Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues:
Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and
social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach
to adapt or mitigate the risk along-with its financial implications, as per the following format:
At Tata Motors, we acknowledge the role of materiality assessments in ensuring that our ESG efforts are relevant,
strategic, and impactful. This year marks a significant milestone for TML as we have broadened our approach to
materiality assessments by incorporating the concept of double materiality for the first time.
The Double Materiality Assessment (‘DMA’) has helped us determine which sustainability issues are most important
to both the organization and its stakeholders. It involves evaluating the impact of the organization on environmental
and social factors (inside-out perspective) and examining how these factors affect the organization (outside-
in perspective). This dual approach helps the company identify and prioritize ESG issues that are both financially
important and socially impactful, promoting the comprehensive integration of sustainability into its core strategy.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
187 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Indicate Financial implications of
Sr . Material issue whether risk Rationale for identifying In case of risk, approach to the risk or opportunity
No. identified or opportunity the risk / opportunity adapt or mitigate (Indicate positive or
(R/O) negative implications)
1. Climate Change Risk and Own Operations: Tata Motors is cognizant of Positive Implications:
Mitigation Opportunity the physical and transition
Energy use in risks posed by climate This opportunity is
manufacturing contributes change in the short, medium anticipated to positively
to Scope 1 and Scope 2 and long term. We have set impact TML’s finances,
greenhouse gas (GHG) ourselves ambitious targets driven by potential market
emissions. Transitioning of achieving Net Zero GHG prospects for low-emission
to renewable energy emissions by 2045 in CV vehicles.
presents a strategic business, and 2040 in the
opportunity to mitigate PV business. We have set Although investing in
emissions, and enhance intermediate targets of renewable energy projects
long-term cost efficiency. achieving RE100 before the requires substantial initial
end of this decade and are funding, the long-term
In alignment with our
committed to set interim financial gains and strategic
RE100 commitment, this
Science Based Targets. benefits can surpass these
opportunity supports our
decarbonization roadmap Our roadmap, at the costs, bolstering TML’s
while strengthening operations level, and financial stability and
product level, are fully sustainability objectives.
business resilience and
aligned to our ambition and
aligning with global Negative Implications:
our intermediate targets.
expectations on climate
action and sustainable Regulatory non-
growth. compliance related to
emission standards can
Downstream (Long term): have significant legal,
Emissions from internal financial, and reputational
combustion engine (ICE) consequences for
vehicles play a major role in companies.
contributing to greenhouse
gases and climate change.
TML adheres to CAFÉ
regulations. Transitioning
to low-emission vehicles
offers TML growth
potential and supports
its climate mitigation
initiatives.
2. Energy Risk and Own Operations: (Medium As part of its Negative Implications:
Opportunity term) decarbonization strategy, This risk is expected
High energy consumption TML will set renewable to negatively impact
will result in higher energy standards for its TML’s finances due to
emissions in manufacturing suppliers and collaborate increasing supplier costs,
processes in addition to with them to ensure these which will affect TML’s
higher resource depletion. are adaptable and cost- overall expenses.
effective. Rising and unpredictable
Upstream (Short term): energy costs, along with
Increased energy usage by investments in renewables
supply chain partners will and facility upgrades,
lead to elevated emissions, can strain profits in the
Suppliers may need to short term.
shift to renewable energy
sources to lower emissions, Positive Implications:
which could affect their This opportunity is
operational expenses. anticipated to positively
Variations in energy costs, influence TML’s financial
particularly for renewable performance. Renewable
sources, can influence energy sources, such as
supplier pricing and the solar or wind, can reduce
overall cost framework. the volatility associated with
Collaborating with suppliers fossil fuel prices, leading
to support them in to more predictable and
transitioning to renewable potentially lower supply
energy presents a significant chain costs.
opportunity for TML.
80th Integrated Annual Report
188
2024-25

Indicate Financial implications of
Sr . Material issue whether risk Rationale for identifying In case of risk, approach to the risk or opportunity
No. identified or opportunity the risk / opportunity adapt or mitigate (Indicate positive or
(R/O) negative implications)
3. Resource Use and Opportunity Own Operations (Long Positive implications:
Circular Economy term): This opportunity is expected
The increasing regulations to positively impact TML’s
on resource use and waste finances as a result of new
management can have revenue opportunities.
significant implications This opportunity is
for TML. Streamlining projected to positively
manufacturing processes impact TML’s finances.
presents an opportunity It can create additional
for TML to reduce resource revenue streams by
outflows and waste. selling byproducts or
High demand can lead to recycled materials to other
fluctuating raw material industries. TML can also
prices, causing financial - reduce the costs associated
uncertainty and increased with raw material
costs, which in turn can procurement. Utilizing
affect profit margins. recycled materials often
Environmental impacts costs less than purchasing
of resource use might new ones, leading to
prompt stricter government direct savings.
regulations on consumption. Circular sourcing result in
By adopting circular streamlined operations
economy principles, like and lower production
recycling and reusing costs, enhancing overall
materials in manufacturing, profitability. Using recycled
TML can reduce resource materials typically incurs
use and waste. lower expenses.
Downstream (Medium
term): Vehicles are
composed of various
valuable materials. Failure
to properly recycle these
materials means they are
lost to landfills instead of
being recovered. Circular
business models are
designed to minimize waste
and maximize resource
efficiency by keeping
products, materials, and
resources in use for as long
as possible.
Upstream (Long term):
Rising demand for finite
resources can lead to
scarcity and heightened
competition, disrupting
supply chains. By exploring
the opportunity of
adopting sustainable
sourcing strategies,
TML can minimize
environmental impacts
and maintain supply chain
stability. Additionally,
developing robust vehicle
recycling and refurbishing
services can enhance
sustainability and reduce
dependence on virgin
materials.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
189 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Indicate Financial implications of
Sr . Material issue whether risk Rationale for identifying In case of risk, approach to the risk or opportunity
No. identified or opportunity the risk / opportunity adapt or mitigate (Indicate positive or
(R/O) negative implications)
4. Climate Change Risk Own operations TML is conducting a Negative Implications:
adaption (Medium term): Extreme climate risk assessment This risk is anticipated to
weather conditions of its top suppliers to negatively impact TML’s
can significantly impact ensure early detection and revenue due to production
manufacturing facilities, preparedness in the event disruptions caused by
causing disruptions that of a climate change related supply chain issues.
stall production and disaster. Additionally, developing
business operations. These alternative sources will
The Company has
interruptions can result in further affect TML’s
established systems to
revenue loss and increased finances.
handle climate-related
operational costs.
disasters, supported This risk is expected to
Upstream (Medium by a strong business negatively impact TML’s
term): Climate change continuity plan. TML is also revenue due to production
may lead to shortages of performing a climate risk stoppages resulting from
essential raw materials for assessment of its plants to facility damage caused by
automotive components, ensure early detection and extreme climatic events.
affecting their availability preparedness.
and cost. Suppliers in
climate-vulnerable areas
face operational risks
that threaten supply
chain reliability and
TML’s efficiency. These
disruptions can halt
production, impacting
operations and causing
economic losses.
5. Biodiversity Risk Own Operations (Long TML is actively engaged in Negative Implications: This
term): TML has a biodiversity conservation risk may have a negative
significant opportunity to measures. The Company impact on TML finances.
incorporate Nature-Based has launched a wetland Upstream biodiversity and
Solutions (‘NBS’) into its project that includes 1,800 ecosystem losses from
strategies to mitigate wetlands across four raw material sourcing
the impact of climate states. This will enhance its linked to deforestation,
change on biodiversity. environmental stewardship habitat loss, and land
These solutions can help and align with global degradation may pose
the company address sustainability trends. regulatory, reputational,
environmental challenges and operational risks.
TML is working on
while enhancing its
exploring Nature-based Positive implications:
sustainability credentials.
solutions linked to the Developing products and
Upstream (Long term): sale of products that services that incorporate
Upstream biodiversity can play a significant NBS principles can attract
and ecosystem risks role in enhancing a environmentally conscious
stem from raw material Company’s environmental consumers. This can open
sourcing linked to responsibility and new market opportunities
deforestation, habitat loss, aligning with consumer and increase sales,
and land degradation. expectations for particularly as demand
These impacts may pose sustainability. for sustainable solutions
regulatory, reputational, grows.
and operational risks,
Working with suppliers to
emphasizing the need for
reduce the biodiversity
sustainable sourcing and
impacts can help attract
supplier due diligence.
environmentally conscious
consumers and make the
supply chain more resilient.
80th Integrated Annual Report
190
2024-25

Indicate Financial implications of
Sr . Material issue whether risk Rationale for identifying In case of risk, approach to the risk or opportunity
No. identified or opportunity the risk / opportunity adapt or mitigate (Indicate positive or
(R/O) negative implications)
TML has joined the
corporate engagement
program of Science-Based
Targets for Nature which
is created by the Science
Based Targets Network,
or “SBTN”. The Network
is developing Science-
Based Targets for Nature
for companies to address
their environmental
impacts across terrestrial,
freshwater, and marine
realms, in addition to
climate. This structured
approach will help
Tata Motors reduce
its contribution to key
drivers of nature loss. In
FY25, we have identified
material impacts of our
operations and those of
our immediate upstream
value chain on nature and
biodiversity.
6 Pollution of Air Risk Own operations (Medium The Company engages Negative Implications:
term): Stricter pollution regularly with regulators Tighter regulations related
controls and regulations and the government to to air pollution are likely
may necessitate costly R&D shape the agenda on air to necessitate R&D and
investments and upgrades pollution. TML has invested upgrades to manufacturing
to manufacturing facilities significantly in R&D to facilities. Also, there
and cleaner product reduce air emissions from needs to be strategic shift
portfolio. its products and in its own towards cleaner product
operations. portfolio like Electric
Downstream (Medium
vehicles with zero tailpipe
term): Air pollution from
emissions. This will require
internal combustion engine
significant investments.
(ICE) vehicles contributes
to environmental
degradation.
7 Water Risk Own operations: High All TML Plants ensure Negative Implications:
consumption and consumption and optimal water consumption This risk may have negative
withdrawal withdrawal requirements, through leakage impact on TML finances.
particularly in water- prevention, water efficient Supply chain disruption
stressed regions poses technologies, rain water gives rise to production
a significant risk. These harvesting, and closed delays, impacting revenue.
risks may impact loop re-cycling. Most TML
Water risks threaten
operational continuity, locations operate as zero
Tata Motors Limited’s
regulatory compliance, liquid discharge facilities,
business continuity,
and community relations, and there are ongoing
especially in water-scarce
making efficient water plans to expand this
areas, potentially causing
management and approach to more sites..
operational disruptions
conservation critical to
and financial losses.
long-term sustainability.
Investing in efficient water
management is essential
to ensure resilience and
protect profitability
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
191 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Indicate Financial implications of
Sr . Material issue whether risk Rationale for identifying In case of risk, approach to the risk or opportunity
No. identified or opportunity the risk / opportunity adapt or mitigate (Indicate positive or
(R/O) negative implications)
Upstream (Medium term):
Relying on suppliers that
require large volumes of
water for their operations
makes TML vulnerable to
disruptions, especially if
those suppliers are located
in regions prone to water
scarcity or drought.
8 Own Workforce - Opportunity Own Operations (Medium - Positive Implications:
Labour practices term): Inadequate wages This opportunity is
and gender pay inequity projected to positively
can decrease employee impact TML’s financials
satisfaction, increase by boosting productivity
turnover, reduce diversity through improved labor
and may lead to labor practices.
disputes. Implementing
proactive labor practices
can attract potential
employees, boost morale,
and enhance innovation
and productivity.
9 Own Workforce Opportunity Own Operations (Medium TML is actively Positive Implications:
- Training and term): Neglecting implementing upskilling This opportunity is
development investment in skills initiatives, including the anticipated to positively
development could lead to creation of an MTech influence TML’s revenue
a workforce unable to keep curriculum centered through investments
pace with technological on ESG and AI. The in employee training,
progress. Cultivating a Company also provides a leading to enhanced
skilled and diverse team 3-year diploma program quality, innovation, and
can spur innovation, through ITI as part of production.
enabling the Company to its commitment to skill
produce state-of-the-art enhancement. Moreover,
products and sustain its TML has introduced
competitive advantage. innovative programs to
retain and nurture talent,
such as a 5-year PhD
program.
10 Our Workforce Risk Own Operations (Medium TML complies with all Negative Implications:
– Health and term): Failure to comply safety regulations. TML This risk may have a
safety with evolving health and prioritizes comprehensive negative effect which
safety regulations can health and safety includes fines, penalties
result in fines, sanctions, measures, including and in severe cases
and legal actions. These workplace safety training imprisonment and
penalties can be costly and and occupational temporary shutting down
can impact a company’s safety. The Company of operations.
financial health. also highlights accident
investigation, to maintain a
safe work environment.
80th Integrated Annual Report
192
2024-25

Indicate Financial implications of
Sr . Material issue whether risk Rationale for identifying In case of risk, approach to the risk or opportunity
No. identified or opportunity the risk / opportunity adapt or mitigate (Indicate positive or
(R/O) negative implications)
11 Consumer Opportunity Downstream (Medium - Positive Implications:
and End users Term): There is an TML is recognized by
- Health and opportunity to go beyond consumers for the
Safety regulations and attract superior safety ratings of
customers who value the its vehicles. There is an
safety features offered by opportunity to build on its
TML’s products. brand perception and offer
enhanced safety features
to consumers, improving
market share.
12 Business Risk Own Operations (Long TML has established Negative Implications: This
Conduct term): If whistle-blower systems and processes, risk could adversely affect
concerns are not properly such as audits and due TML, as non-compliance
addressed, TML may diligence, to ensure might result in fines, and in
face regulatory, legal, compliance. The Company severe cases, prosecution
and reputational risks, also conducts regular and temporary suspension
potentially resulting in training sessions for its of operations.
scandals. Legal penalties employees on topics
Reputation damage and
can be incurred in related to bribery,
consumer backlash can
situations involving corruption, and other
affect sales and market
corruption, bribery, insider ethical issues.
share.
trading, and other ethical
violations.
Downstream (Long term): TML provides training
Unethical practices within for dealers via online
dealership and service modules upon their
networks can expose TML joining. Additionally, audits
to significant regulatory and unannounced visits
and legal risks, which can are conducted to ensure
have serious repercussions compliance.
on its operations and
reputation. This can lead
to consumer backlash
and a shift in customer
preferences away from
TML.
13 Responsible Risk and Own Operations TML provides transparent Positive and Negative
investment/ Opportunity (Medium term): ESG reports on its ESG Implications: Responsible
finance issues in investments initiatives and performance investment can lead to
can pose significant to build trust with positive impacts due to
financial risks. Failing to stakeholders and showcase enhanced reputation and
consider ESG factors in its commitment and investor attractiveness. On
investment decisions can accountability. the other hand, investment
damage a Company’s in non-aligned ESG areas
reputation. In today’s can lead to reputational
market, stakeholders damage and reduced brand
are increasingly valuing loyalty.
sustainability, and
negative perceptions can
lead to reduced brand
loyalty and decreased
competitiveness.
Integration of responsible
investment practices
enhances the organization’s
reputation and can attract
value-aligned investors and
clients.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
193 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Indicate Financial implications of
Sr . Material issue whether risk Rationale for identifying In case of risk, approach to the risk or opportunity
No. identified or opportunity the risk / opportunity adapt or mitigate (Indicate positive or
(R/O) negative implications)
14 Workers in the Risk Upstream (Medium term): TML periodically seeks Negative implications:
value chain – Human Rights-related Human rights-related This risk is anticipated to
Human Rights issues in any tier of the information from suppliers. negatively impact TML.
supply chain can pose The company encourages Suppliers’ failure to ensure
reputation and regulatory suppliers to create human rights for their
risks for TML and its mechanisms for affected employees and workers
suppliers. If Human rights individuals to report will negatively impact on
concerns are not properly human rights violations TML’s reputation, and in
addressed, suppliers may and create systems to extreme cases, limit the
face regulatory, legal, detect and resolve the suppliers’ ability to provide
and reputational risks, issues in a time-bound services to TML, affecting
potentially affecting their manner. business continuity.
operations and in turn,
business continuity at TML.
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
Disclosure Questions P 1 P 2 P 3 P 4 P 5 P 6 P 7 P 8 P 9
Policy and management processes
1 a. Whether the Company’s policy / policies cover each principle and its core elements of the NGRBCs (Yes/No).
Audit Committee Charter Yes Yes
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Yes Yes Yes
Policy
Dividend Distribution Policy Yes Yes
Dealer Code of Conduct Yes Yes
Corporate Social Responsibility Yes Yes
Policy
Content Archiving Policy Yes Yes
Code of Corporate Disclosure Yes Yes
Practices
Privacy Policy Yes Yes Yes Yes
Environmental Policy Yes Yes Yes
Environmental Procurement Yes Yes Yes
Policy
Policy for Determining Material Yes Yes
Subsidiaries
Guidelines for Tata Companies on Yes Yes
Board Effectiveness
Policy on Related Party Yes Yes
Transaction
Whistle Blower Policy Yes Yes Yes
Quality Policy Yes Yes
Tata Code of Conduct Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Tata Code of Conduct For Yes Yes
Non-Executive Directors and
Independent Directors
Sustainability Policy Yes Yes Yes
Supplier Code of Conduct Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Safety and Health Policy Yes Yes
Remuneration Policy for Yes Yes
Directors, Key Managerial
Personnel and Other Employees
Climate Change Policy Yes Yes Yes
P1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity and in a manner that is ethical, transparent, and accountable
P2: Businesses should provide goods and service in a manner that is sustainable and safe
P3: Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
80th Integrated Annual Report
194
2024-25

P4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
P5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights
P6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
P7: Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible
and transparent
P8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
P9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
Disclosure Questions P 1 P 2 P 3 P 4 P 5 P 6 P 7 P 8 P 9
b. H as the policy been Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
approved by the Board?
c. Web Link of the Policies The Policies covering the NGRBC principles are available on the Company’s website and following
weblinks
https://www.tatamotors.com/corporate-responsibility/governance/
https://www.tata.com/content/dam/tata/pdf/Tata%20Code%20Of%20Conduct.pdf
2 Whether the entity has Yes, all our policies have been translated into actionable procedures, currently undergoing
translated the policy into implementation across different phases. The Company follows a systematic, multi-tiered approach
procedures. to review performance. The Factory Implementation Committee at the first level, followed by plant
level Apex Committee/Sub-Committee followed by Business Unit (‘BU’) Councils and overseen by the
respective committees of the Board.
3 Do the enlisted policies extend Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
to your value chain partners?
(Yes/No)
4 Name of the national The Environmental Policy, Safety & Health policy and Quality policy are aligned with the requirements
and international codes of international standards ISO 14001, ISO 45001 and IATF 16949. TML follows GRI Standards to
/ certifications / labels / disclose on its material topics in the Integrated Report, which is also mapped against principles of
standards adopted by your United Nations Global Compact (‘UNGC’) and Sustainable Development Goals (‘SDGs’). The Company
entity and mapped to each voluntarily discloses to CDP on Climate Change, S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment
principle (CSA) and is committed to Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).
Our IT systems are ISO 27001 compliant, and we are updating our procedures as per General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 (‘DPDP’). All our
commercial vehicle manufacturing sites are ISO 45001 and ISO 14001 certified.
5 Specific commitments, goals Tata Motors has set internal goals and targets on each of the principles with a few listed below.
and targets set by the entity
In line with Principle 6, the following commitments have been made by TML:
with defined timelines
(i) D riving Net Zero - The Company is committed to achieving Net Zero Emissions by 2045 for
Commercial Vehicles Business and it has also committed to setting Science Based Targets to
act as intermediate milestones in this journey. As a signatory to Climate Group RE100, the
Company is committed to achieving 100% renewable electricity use in operations by 2030. We
have also set internal targets to reduce our embodied emissions by 2030, aligning with our Net
Zero commitment.
(ii) P ioneering Circular Economy - The Company already has strong foundations in its operations
around responsible use of fresh water, aiming for water neutrality by 2030, and disposal of
waste, aiming for Zero Waste to Landfill by 2030. We have also set targets under our TATVA
circular economy framework to reduce our material footprint by 2030. Additionally, we
are in the process of setting revenue-based KPIs to maximize opportunities from lifetime
improvement and utilization optimization.
(iii) P reserving Nature and Biodiversity - While the Company has a rich legacy of creating water
body-based ecosystems around its plants, which nurture a wide variety of flora and fauna, it
intends to take this forward with a more scientific approach and aspires to become a catalyst
of transformative change on this subject. We have also taken a strategic decision to enhance
and enlist the natural habitats in and around our operations under the OECM framework.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
195 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Disclosure Questions P 1 P 2 P 3 P 4 P 5 P 6 P 7 P 8 P 9
6 Performance of the Performance on goals on each of the principles is reviewed periodically by various Committees led by
entity against the specific the Management and Board of Directors. A few of them are detailed below:
commitments, goals and targets
(i) Improved the RE share in our operations from 30% in FY 2023-24 to 45% in FY 2024-25. The
along-with reasons in case the
Company has been able to increase its Renewable Electricity in-house through onsite solar
same are not met
installations, off-site captive wind farms and through procurement of off-site wind & solar
power through Power Purchase Agreements (‘PPA’s’) and through International Renewable
Energy Certificates (I-RECs). IRECs contributed 12% to the RE share of overall electricity
consumption.
(ii) The following manufacturing facilities have been certified by CII-GBC for Water Neutrality as
well as Zero Waste to Landfill (ZWtL)
I. D harwad Plant certified as “Water Positive” in November 2023 and valid till 2026.
Dharwad plant has
II. A lso been certified as a Zero Waste To Landfill Facility in January 2025 and valid till
January 2028.
III. P antnagar Plant certified as “Water positive” in August 2024 and valid till August 2027.
Pantnagar plant has also been certified as a Zero Waste To Landfill Facility in August 2024
and valid till August 2027.
IV. L ucknow Plant certified as “Water Positive” in November 2024 and valid till 2027.
Lucknow plant has also been certified as a Zero Waste To Landfill Facility in November
2024 and valid till November 2027.
(iii) TML has joined the corporate engagement program for Science-Based Targets for Nature. This
initiative seeks to reshape economic systems to safeguard our collective environmental heritage –
our air, water, land, biodiversity and oceans.
Over the past couple of years, we have conducted extensive biodiversity baseline assessments
at key sites, identifying over 1,300 species. This foundational research informs our Biodiversity
Management Plan, leveraging biodiversity indices as key indicators of quality and richness.
Under our biodiversity flagship projects:
• T he Central Asian Flyway project; aims towards conservation of 1,800 wetlands around the
vicinity of our four operational sites (Pune, Sanand, Lucknow and Jamshedpur).
• W e are undertaking elephant conservation activities under Project Maximus in the Nilgiri
Biosphere Reserve (Kerala) and started groundwork for the same at Singhbhum Elephant
Reserve (Jharkhand).
Governance, leadership and oversight
7 Statement by director Please refer to the Executive Director’s message, which is part of the Integrated Annual Report.
responsible for the business
responsibility report,
highlighting ESG related
challenges, targets and
achievements (listed entity
has flexibility regarding the
placement of this disclosure)
8 Details of the highest authority Mr Girish Wagh, Executive Director (DIN: 03119361)
responsible for implementation
and oversight of the Business
Responsibility policy (ies).
80th Integrated Annual Report
196
2024-25

Disclosure Questions P 1 P 2 P 3 P 4 P 5 P 6 P 7 P 8 P 9
9 Does the entity have a Yes, TML has constituted various Board committees, which are responsible for and have a remit over
specified Committee of the key sustainability related policies, as below:
Board/ Director responsible
The Safety, Health and Sustainability (‘SHS’) Committee of the Board reviews the Company’s
for decision making on
Environment, Social and Governance performance and oversees the implementation of relevant
sustainability related issues?
policies and strategies.
(Yes / No). If yes, provide details
The Corporate Social Responsibility (‘CSR’) Committee of the Board formulates and recommends
the CSR policy to the Board and monitors CSR budget, activities and expenditure.
The Stakeholders’ Relationship (‘SRC’) Committee of the Board evaluates the statutory compliances
and services concerning dividend payments, security holders, and performance of the Registrar and
Transfer Agents.
The Risk Management (‘RM’) Committee of the Board supports the Board in directing the risk
management process, the controls and risk tolerance including strategic, financial, operational,
sectoral, sustainability (Environment, Social and Governance) related risks, information & cyber
security and compliance risks. It makes recommendations related to risk mitigation and reviews the
Company’s risk governance system.
10 Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company.
Subject for review Indicate whether review was undertaken Frequency (annually / half yearly /
by director / committee of the board / any quarterly / any other)
other committee
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Performance against above policies and TML follows a systematic, multi-tiered approach to review the SHS performance. The
follow up action Factory Implementation Committee is the first level (monthly), followed by plant level Apex
Committee/Sub-Committee (monthly) followed by Business Unit (‘BU’) Safety & Health
Council and Sustainability Council (monthly) and finally by the SHS Committee of the Board
(3 to 4 times in a year).
The Company has in place a vigil mechanism as defined in the Whistle-Blower Policy which
provides a formal mechanism for all Directors and employees of the Company to approach
the management of the Company (Audit Committee in case where the concern involves the
Senior Management) and make protected disclosures to the Management about unethical
behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the Company’s Code of Conduct or Ethics
policy. RM Committee of the Board frames, implements, monitors and review the Risk
Management plan and ensures its effectiveness.
Through an Enterprise Risk Management Program, the business units and the corporate
functions address their short term, medium term and long terms risks. The Audit committee
has an additional oversight on the financial risks and controls.
Compliance with statutory The Company complies with the statutory requirements as applicable.
requirements of relevance to the
principles and rectification of any
non-compliances
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
11 Has the entity carried out independent The implementation of the Tata Code of Conduct and other policies are reviewed through
assessment/ evaluation of the working internal audit function/ Ethics Counsellor. External assessment through the Tata Business
of its policies by an external agency? If Excellence Model (‘TBEM’) reviews the implementation of all the Company policies. Any
Yes, provide name of the agency. opportunities for improvement are addressed through implementation of TBEM action plan.
The Quality, Safety & Health and Environmental policies are subject to internal and external
audits as part of certification process.
12 If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Not Applicable
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
197 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity and in a manner that is Ethical,
Transparent and Accountable.
Essential Indicators
1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the Principles during the financial year:
% of persons
Total number
in respective
of training and
Segment Topics / principles covered under the training and its impact category covered
awareness
by the awareness
programmes held
programmes
Board of Directors (BoD) 23 • Initiatives on Cost/Quality etc. 100
• Product Familiarization
• Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
• Safety Health and Sustainability (SHS)
• Employee Remuneration
• Surveys and Welfare Schemes
• Succession Planning
• SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations 2015 (LODR)
• Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
• Internal Control over Financial Reporting (ICFR)
• Internal Financial Controls (IFC)
• Indian Accounting Standards (IND AS)
• Related Party Transactions (RPTs)
• Internal Financial Controls (IFC)
• SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations
Key Managerial Personnel 8 • Leadership Trails 2.0 100
(KMP) • Anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy
• Corporate communications policy
• Cyber Security Awareness
• Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace (POSH)
• Safety Induction Module
• Commemorating the Tata Code of Conduct
• Process Oriented Mindset
Employees other than BoD 20 • Sustainability Leadership Series 62
and KMPs • Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) Training
• Anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy
• Commemorating the Tata Code of Conduct
• Training on Business Ethics
• Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace (POSH)
• Safety Training
• Corporate communications policy
Workers 3,542 • Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) Training 100
• Stakeholder Engagement
• Training on sustainability
• Commemorating the Tata Code of Conduct
• Anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy
2. Details of fines / penalties / punishment / award / compounding fees / settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the
entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators / law enforcement agencies / judicial institutions, in the financial year, in
the following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in Regulation 30 of
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity’s website):
Nil
Note: In 2014, the Competition Commission of India (‘CCI’) held that the automobile manufacturers, including the Company,
had engaged in anti-competitive practices and imposed a penalty of 2% of the Company’s total turnover in India. The
Company was ordered to pay a penalty of ` 1,346 crore within a period of 60 days of the receipt of the order. The Company
challenged the order of the CCI on constitutional issues, and the same is pending before Supreme Court as of FY 2024-25.
80th Integrated Annual Report
198
2024-25

3. Of the instances disclosed in question 2 above, details of the appeal / revision preferred in cases where monetary or
non-monetary action has been appealed.
Not Applicable
4. Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide a
web-link to the policy.
Yes, the Company has adopted the Tata Code of Conduct and is steadfast in its commitment to uphold professionalism,
fairness, and integrity in all aspects of their business operations and relationships, regardless of where they operate. The
policy is available on the Company’s website at https://www.tata.com/content/dam/tata/pdf/Tata%20Code%20Of%20
Conduct.pdf
Furthermore, we are dedicated to implementing and enforcing robust procedures to combat bribery and corruption. Our
stance on bribery and corruption is unequivocal—we maintain a zero-tolerance policy. To underscore this commitment,
we have developed an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, which delineates our core principles and comprehensive
procedures designed to prevent any involvement in bribery, facilitation payments, or corrupt practices.
In addition to these measures, the Company conducts regular training sessions and awareness programs for employees
and other stakeholders on matters pertaining to Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption protocols. The policy is available on the
Company’s website at: https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/anti-bribery-anti-corruption-policy.pdf
5. Number of Directors / KMPs / employees / workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement
agency for the charges of bribery / corruption:
FY 25 FY 24
Directors NIL NIL
KMPs NIL NIL
Employees NIL NIL
Workers NIL NIL
6. Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:
FY 25 FY 24
Number Remarks Number Remarks
Number of complaints received in relation to issues of Conflict of NIL NA NIL NA
Interest of the Directors
Number of complaints received in relation to issues of Conflict of NIL NA NIL NA
Interest of the Directors
7. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties / action taken by
regulators / law enforcement agencies / judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.
No fines / penalties / actions were imposed by regulators/ law enforcement agencies or judicial institutions on cases
related to corruption and conflicts of interest.
8. Number of days of accounts payables [(Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured] in the following format:
FY 25 FY 24
Number of days of accounts payable 83 77
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
199 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
9. Open-ness of business:
Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along-with
loans and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format:
Parameter Metrics FY 25 FY 24
Concentration of a. Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases* 0 0
Purchases b. Number of trading houses where purchases are made from* 0 0
c. Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total purchases from trading 0 0
houses*
Concentration of a. Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total sales 75% 76%
Sales b. Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales are made 328 326
c. Sales to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of total sales to dealers / 21% 21%
distributors
Share of RPTs in a. Purchases (Purchases with related parties / Total Purchases) 17% 20%**
b. Sales (Sales to related parties / Total Sales) 8% 10%**
c. Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related parties / Total loans 84% 14%
& advances)
d. Investments (Investments in related parties / Total Investments made) 89% 91%
* TML purchases directly from Supply Chain Partners and Purchase transactions do not involve any trading houses.
** The financial figures for FY 24 have been restated to improve accuracy and clarity in reporting following the guidelines set forth in SEBI’s
circular dated December 20, 2024, which outlines Industry Standards Forum guidance for BRSR Core.
Leadership Indicators
1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the principles during the financial year:
% of value chain partners covered
Total number of awareness (by value of business done with
Topics / principles covered under the training
programmes held such partners) under the awareness
programs
1 Sessions on Sustainability Principle 2: Circularity Principles 3, 5: Human Rights, Safety 87*
for Supply Chain Partners Principle 6: Net zero, Water Management, Waste Management,
– 7 Biodiversity
2 Sessions on Sustainability Virtual and onsite training programs were conducted focusing 75**
for Dealer Partners – 19 on Sustainability awareness. These programs covered topics
such as Sustainability & ESG, Net Zero, Water Management,
Waste Management, Human Rights, Diversity & Inclusion, Labour
Management, Community Relations & CSR, and Corporate
Governance.
*As a percentage of Purchase Value from Supply Chain partners
**As a percentage of Sales Revenue from Channel Partners
2. Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board? If Yes,
provide details of the same.
Yes, we have a process in place which is governed by the “Tata Code of Conduct for Non-Executive Directors and Independent
Directors” of Tata Motors. Web link to the same is: https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ned-id-2.
pdf
80th Integrated Annual Report
200
2024-25

Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
Essential Indicators
1. Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental
and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively.
FY25 (%) FY 24 (%) Details of improvements in environmental social impacts
Total R&D expenditure 61 80 Please refer to the Technology Absorption, Adaptation and
Innovation section in Annexure-3 of the Board’s report.
Total Capex 57 71
2. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? If Yes, what percentage of inputs were
sourced sustainably?
Tata Motors is driving a transformative shift to establish itself as a leader in Sustainable Mobility. Understanding the crucial
role of the supply chain in this transition, TML introduced the ‘Sustainable Supply Chain Initiative’ in 2017, followed by the
launch of ‘AIKYAM,’ a collaborative platform, in 2023.
As part of this initiative, we have developed a comprehensive framework that includes a Supplier Code of Conduct, an
Environmental Procurement Policy, and Sustainability Guidelines for Suppliers. These guidelines cover key areas such as
governance, legal compliance, management system certification, transparency and reporting, occupational health and
safety, labor rights, and human rights. By setting these standards, we aim to foster responsible business practices among
our suppliers and partners. We have also updated our Manufacturing Site Audit questionnaire to include a sustainability
pillar, which ensures that any new supplier is scrutinized on sustainability as well.
To ensure effective implementation, we have established strong oversight mechanisms for our supplier ESG program. The
highest decision-making body, the Executive Committee Members, along with the Chief Purchasing Officer, is responsible
for monitoring and guiding this critical aspect of our sustainability strategy.
Additionally, our procurement processes are continuously reviewed to align with the Supplier Code of Conduct and prevent
any potential conflicts with our ESG commitments. This ongoing evaluation ensures that every stage of our procurement
strategy remains in sync with our sustainability goals.
We also conduct thorough assessments of our suppliers to measure their compliance with ESG standards, providing
valuable insights into their environmental and social performance. Recognizing the importance of internal stakeholders,
we provide extensive training to our procurement teams and relevant personnel. Expanding this initiative further, we
introduced the Dealer Sustainability Handbook in 2025 to help dealerships enhance their sustainability practices. These
guidelines, along with ESG performance assessments, ensure alignment with our broader sustainability vision.
TML Suppliers Covering 68% of Annual Purchase Value ( APV ) have either ISO 45001 or ISO 14001 Certifiation.
3. Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life, for
(a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) Other waste.
As part of end-of-life product management, we are continuously working on improving our product’s circularity. This
involves designing the vehicle for recyclability, selecting sustainable materials by studying their environmental impact,
designing vehicle assemblies/components that are easy to dismantle, and providing information about the same in our
products, etc.
The design-for-recycling approach complements our initiative on the circular economy, which aims to minimize waste and
reduce negative impact. During the design stage, TML has been encouraging the use of recyclable materials in products
and is actively working towards improving product recyclability. Typically, all vehicles are designed to achieve a minimum
of 90% recyclability and recoverability. As a responsible organization committed to sustainability and the environment,
we are publishing dismantling information on a portal named IDIS (i.e., International Dismantling Information System).
Dismantlers can access this information for the efficient recycling of non-metallic automobile parts like bumpers, trim
parts, dashboards, etc.
As part of the product design stage, we are currently working on exploratory projects to further use more biodegradable
materials, recycled materials, and re-refined base oil (RRBO) to enhance product circularity. At the end of the product
lifecycle, scrapping and recycling vehicles in a responsible way supports environmental goals. Tata Motors demonstrated
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
201 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
its holistic commitment to sustainable mobility with the launch of “Re.Wi.Re – Recycle with Respect” to facilitate the safe
recycling of end-of-life vehicles (ELVs).
The state-of-the-art Tata Motors Re.Wi.Re. facility is designed to dismantle end-of-life passenger and commercial vehicles
of all brands. These facilities will drive responsible scrapping and recycling of ELVs by using globally benchmarked and
optimized processes. With the launch of Re.Wi.Re., Tata Motors aims to offer better value capture in downstream
businesses, generate employment, and support the minimization of environmental pollution caused by aged vehicles. Tata
Motors has opened five more Re.Wi.Re. facilities under a franchise-based model, taking the total to seven facilities with an
annual capacity to dismantle more than 1,10,000 vehicles.
We are committed to expanding Re.Wi.Re. facilities across the country to promote circularity and enhance and organize
our value chain play. This move will lessen the pollution involved in the dismantling of ELVs and bring this activity within the
organized sector.
Operations:
Our manufacturing operations generate various types of wastes which are covered under various national regulations. All
our plants ensure that the management of such wastes is done in full compliance with these legal requirements as specified
by the operating permits, consents, and authorizations.
Our manufacturing operations receive a large and diverse number of parts, components, and consumables in various
forms of packaging which are discarded. These are segregated as per material type and shape and sold to recyclers for
conversion and utilization. Specifically, we ensure the sale of all flexible and rigid plastic packaging to authorized plastic
waste processors for recycling and utilization in the manufacture of new packaging material. Hazardous and other wastes
are similarly routed to authorized recyclers or re-processors for material recovery, or to co-processing for energy recovery
through cement plants. We also ensure the safe disposal of specific hazardous wastes, as mandated in operating consent/
authorizations, through government-authorized Treatment, Storage, and Disposal Facilities.
E-wastes from our operations, comprising electronic devices, their components, and IT assets that are discarded after their
useful life or due to obsolescence, are disposed of only through authorized recyclers.
Where technically feasible, we are utilizing recovered materials such as reclaimed thinner, secondary paint made from
paint sludge, or sand from our foundries in our own manufacturing operations or in our supply chain.
4. Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities. If yes, whether the waste
collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control Boards? If
not, provide steps taken to address the same.
Yes, the EPR provisions under the Plastic Waste Management & Handling Rules, 2016 (as amended) are applicable to the
Company. Tata Motors Limited (‘TML’) (Commercial Vehicle business) is registered as a “Brand Owner” and as an “Importer”
with the CPCB and have complied with the requirements of the Registration for the concluded year 2024-25. The Company
have set up internal systems to track and ensure compliance on a running basis for FY25 and beyond.
Legal compliance of our EPR target for FY 2024-25 has been ensured by the procurement of re-cycling certificates through
a third party. Going forward, we will continue to fulfil our EPR targets through this route using the established systems for
collection, transportation, and the re-cycling of post-consumer plastic packaging waste. TML is registered as a “Producer”
under the Battery Waste Management Rules, 2022, with the CPCB and is working towards fulfilling necessary requirements.
Additionally, the Company has also applied for registration under the EPR framework for used oil management and is taking
appropriate steps to ensure compliance with applicable guidelines and reporting obligations.
Leadership Indicators
1. Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing industry)
or for its services (for service industry)? If Yes, provide details in the following format?
TML is actively working towards conducting LCA for representative models of Trucks, small commercial vehicle, and ICE
passenger vehicles to determine product environmental footprint.
80th Integrated Annual Report
202
2024-25

Boundary for
Results
which the life Whether conducted
Sr. Name of product/ % of total turnover communicated in
NIC code (Group) cycle perspective/ by independent
No. service contributed public domain. If Yes,
assessment was external agency
provide the web-link
conducted
1 291 Small commercial 10 Cradle to TML No No
vehicle gate (Excluding
Transportation)
2 291 Light medium 13 Cradle to TML No No
commercial vehicle gate (Excluding
Transportation)
3 291 Heavy Commercial 48 Cradle to TML No No
Vehicle gate (Excluding
Transportation)
2. If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and / or risks arising from production or disposal of your
products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, briefly
describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same.
Sr. Name of product/
Description of the risk / concern Action taken
No. service
1 Small commercial Global warming potential - Materials/components with higher carbon footprint contributions
vehicle Carbon Footprint have been identified. Actions have been initiated with engineering
teams and suppliers to increase material circularity and reduce carbon
footprint impact.
2 Light & Intermediate Global warming potential - Materials/components with higher carbon footprint contributions
commercial vehicle Carbon Footprint have been identified. Actions have been initiated with engineering
teams and suppliers to increase material circularity and reduce carbon
footprint impact.
3 Heavy Commercial Global warming potential - Materials/components with higher carbon footprint contributions
Vehicle Carbon Footprint have been identified. Actions have been initiated with engineering
teams and suppliers to increase material circularity and reduce carbon
footprint impact.
3. Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing
industry) or providing services (for service industry).
Sr.
Indicate input material FY 25 (%) FY 24 (%)
No.
1 Steel used in BIW 7-8* 6-7*
2 Aluminium used in alloy wheels & engines 30-40* 30-40*
*As per Supplier declarations
4. Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled and
safely disposed.
FY 25 FY 24
Re-Used Recycled Safely Disposed Re-Used Recycled Safely Disposed
Plastics (including packaging)# - 11,204* - - 9,118** -
E-waste - - - - - -
Hazardous waste - - - - - -
Other waste - - - - - -
* FY25 EPR target for plastic waste for TML, which has been complied. EPR credits have been procured from Producer Responsibility Organisation
(PRO) for pre and post- consumer packaging waste.
** The numbers for FY24 has been restated to account for additional EPR credits procured over and above the EPR obligation.
# Plastic used for protecting/packaging sold vehicles & packaging used in Spare Parts Business.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
203 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category.
Sr. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials as % of total products
Indicate product category
No. sold in respective category
1 Plastic Packaging 100
Section C: Principle 3: Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including
those in their value chains
Essential Indicators
1 a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
% of employees covered by
Category Health insurance Accident insurance Maternity benefits Paternity benefits Day care facilities
Total (A)
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A) No. (D) % (D/A) No. (E) % (E/A) No. (F) % (F/A)
Permanent Employees
Male 7,838 7,838 100 7,838 100 N.A N.A 7,838 100 7,838 100
Female 778 778 100 778 100 778 100 N.A N.A 778 100
Total 8,616 8,616 100 8,616 100 778 100 7,838 100 8,616 100
Other than Permanent Employees
Male 63 63 100 63 100 N.A. N.A. 63 100 63 100
Female 48 48 100 48 100 48 100 N.A. N.A. 48 100
Total 111 111 100 111 100 48 100 63 100 111 100
b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
% of Workers covered by
Category Health insurance Accident insurance Maternity benefits Paternity benefits Day care facilities
Total (A)
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A) No. (D) % (D/A) No. (E) % (E/A) No. (F) % (F/A)
Permanent Workers
Male 11,864 11,864 100 11,864 100 N.A N.A 11,864 100 11,864 100
Female 339 339 100 339 100 339 100 N.A N.A 339 100
Total 12,203 12,203 100 12,203 100 339 100 11,864 100 12,203 100
Other than Permanent Workers
Male 13,272 13,272 100 13,272 100 N.A N.A 13,272 100 13,272 100
Female 2,782 2,782 100 2,782 100 2,782 100 N.A N.A 2,782 100
Total 16,054 16,054 100 16,054 100 2,782 100 13,272 100 16,054 100
c. Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than
permanent) in the following format:
FY 25 (%) FY 24 (%)
Cost incurred on wellbeing measures as a % of total revenue of the company 0.3 0.3
2. Details of retirement benefits, for current financial year and previous financial year:
FY 25 FY 24
Benefits No. of employees No. of workers Deducted and No. of employees No. of workers Deducted and
covered as a % of covered as a % of deposited with covered as a % of covered as a % of deposited with
total employees total workers the authority total employees total workers the authority
PF 100 100 Yes 100 100 Yes
Gratuity 100 100 Yes 100 100 Yes
Employee State Insurance (ESI)* 100 100 Yes 100 100 Yes
*The coverage percentage include only those employees and workers who are covered or entitled under Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948
(ESI Act).
80th Integrated Annual Report
204
2024-25

3. Accessibility of workplaces: Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and
workers, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are
being taken by the entity in this regard.
Tata Motors recognizes the importance of fostering an inclusive environment where Persons with Disabilities (PWD) are
not just accommodated but actively empowered. As part of our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI), we
are embarking on a strategic initiative to integrate differently abled employees candidates seamlessly into our workforce.
This strategy employs a multifaceted approach, encompassing proactive audits, civil works enhancements, along with
parallel comprehensive sensitization programs.
This approach ensures that our efforts are comprehensive and holistic, leaving no stone unturned in creating an environment
conducive to the success of differently abled employees candidates.
Proactive Audits: We are in the process of conducting various accessibility audits of infrastructure and buildings to identify
barriers and areas for improvement in accommodating differently abled employees candidates. These audits will be
conducted in collaboration with experts in accessibility and disability rights, ensuring compliance with relevant regulations
and standards like the Harmonized Guidelines and Standards for Universal Accessibility in India - 2021, released by the
Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs.
Civil Works Enhancements: We will initiate civil works enhancements aimed at eliminating physical barriers and creating
accessible spaces for differently abled employees candidates. This includes, but is not limited to, installing ramps, accessible
restroom facilities, tactile markers, and ergonomic workstations—ensuring that our workplaces are truly inclusive.
Comprehensive Sensitization Programs: We understand that creating an inclusive environment goes beyond physical
accommodations; it requires a shift in mindset and cultural norms. Therefore, we will continue conducting workshops
called ONEderful Conversations that help comprehend the various defined DEI aspects. These half-day workshop are
specially curated and delivered by trained facilitators from the diverse business domains to drive the agenda to the last
level employee. The program is aimed at raising awareness, dispelling myths, and fostering empathy among employees.
Underlining Message of Inclusivity: Throughout our DEI communication, we will underline the message of inclusivity,
emphasizing our intent to create an environment where every individual, regardless of ability, feels valued and respected.
Our communication is long-term focused and highlights the intent behind our actions—underscoring our commitment to
diversity and inclusion as one of our foundational beliefs.
Readiness for Visitors and Employees: In addition to catering to our employees, we will ensure that our facilities are
equally accessible and accommodating for visitors, including clients, partners, and stakeholders. This ensures that our
commitment to inclusivity is evident not only within our workforce but also in our interactions with external parties. We
are in the process of building a uniform experience across locations.
In addition to catering to our employees, we will ensure that our facilities are equally accessible and accommodating
for visitors, including clients, partners, and stakeholders. This ensures that our commitment to inclusivity is evident not
only within our workforce but also in our interactions with external parties. We are in the process of building a uniform
experience across locations.
4. Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, provide
a web-link to the policy.
We provide equal opportunities to all our employees and to all eligible applicants for employment in our company. Tata
Motors follows a no discrimination policy and fosters workspaces that promote diversity and equal opportunities. Refer
Section D of the Tata Code of conduct The web-link of the same is: https://www.tata.com/content/dam/tata/pdf/Tata%20
Code%20Of%20Conduct.pdf
5. Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
Permanent Employees Permanent Workers
Gender
Return to Work Rate (%) Retention Rate (%) Return to Work Rate (%) Retention Rate (%)
Male 100 97 NA NA
Female 100 100 100 100
Total 100 99 100 100
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
205 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
6. Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and workers?
If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief:
Yes/No, (if Yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent Workers Yes. Tata Motors has a three-stage dedicated grievance redressal forum operating at various levels. These
forums—Joint Shop Council (JSC), Joint Divisional Council (JDC), and Joint Management Council (JMC)—
are strategically located at the Shop, Division, and Plant levels, respectively. They serve as platforms
where workmen can voice their grievances, ensuring that their concerns are heard and addressed in a
timely and appropriate manner. The closure of grievances is also monitored at the Plant level.
Furthermore, for contract labour, we have Business Partner Forums to address their grievances. In
addition, we provide helpline numbers and grievance drop boxes as alternate mechanisms to ensure
accessibility and inclusivity in grievance redressal.
The Company has adopted the Tata Code of Conduct (TCoC), which outlines our commitment to ethical
Other than Permanent conduct. All internal and external stakeholders of the Tata Group are expected to operate within the
Workers framework of this Code. Training and awareness programs on the TCoC are conducted regularly for
employees and relevant stakeholders.
We also have dedicated Human Rights and Whistleblower Policies. The Company has established a
robust governance mechanism to ensure confidentiality and protect whistleblowers from harassment
or victimization, including retaliation, threats, termination/suspension of service, disciplinary action,
transfer, demotion, denial of promotion, or any other form of intimidation. This protection also extends
to prevent any direct or indirect misuse of authority to obstruct a whistleblower’s right to perform their
duties or to make further protected disclosures.
The Company has a well-defined process to address concerns through the Ethics Committee, which
Permanent Employees
oversees due investigations.
Oversight of the TCoC, Whistleblower Policy, and Human Rights Policy lies with the Chairperson of
the Audit Committee and the Chief Ethics Counsellor. An ethics helpline is available for employees to
anonymously report any ethical violations. This helpline can be accessed in the following ways:
1. A whistleblower can report concerns via the toll-free number: 000 800 0502 221, or through the
web portal: tatamotors.ethicspoint.com. Concerns can be submitted in multiple languages.
2. A lternatively, concerns can be submitted in writing to the Chief Ethics Counsellor or the Chairman
of the Audit Committee.
Other than Permanent
In line with our commitment to gender inclusion and diversity, and to create a safe, fair, and just
Employees
workplace, the Company has implemented a Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace (POSH)
Policy. The POSH framework includes several Internal Committees (ICs), along with an APEX Internal
Committee that acts as an appellate body and oversees dissemination of this policy.
We have developed standard guidelines to address sexual harassment, which are enforced by location
or subunit-specific committees at the Plant and Regional levels. This policy covers all women associates
(including permanent, temporary, contractual, and trainees), women service providers, and any woman
visiting the Company’s workplace. Any form of objectionable conduct is subject to strict disciplinary
action.
7. Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or unions recognised by the listed entity:
FY 25 FY 24
No. of employees/ No. of employees/
Total employees/ Total employees/
workers in respective workers in respective
workers in workers in
category, who are % (B / A) category, who are % (D / C)
respective respective
part of association(s) part of association(s)
category (A) category (C)
or Union (B) or Union(D)
Total Permanent Employees 8,616 0 0 8,931 0 0
Male 7,838 0 0 8,200 0 0
Female 778 0 0 731 0 0
Total Permanent Workers 12,203 12,122 99.3 11,645 11,564 99.3
Male 11,864 11,784 99.3 11,416 11,336 99.3
Female 339 338 99.7 229 228 99.6
80th Integrated Annual Report
206
2024-25

8. Details of training given to employees and workers:
FY 25 FY 24
Health and safety Health and safety
Skill upgradation Skill upgradation
Total (A) measures Total (D) measures
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A) No. (E) % (E/D) No. (F) % (F / D)
Employees
Male 7,901 4,164 53 7,901 100 8,388 3,046 36 2,501 30
Female 826 298 36 767 93 784 146 19 217 28
Total 8,727 4,462 51 8,668 99 9,172 3192 35 2,718 30
Workers
Male 25,136 17,540 70 14,487 58 25,202 25,202 100 5,973 24
Female 3,121 1,560 50 1,597 51 3,195 3,195 100 426 13
Total 28,257 19,100 68 16,084 57 28,397 28,397 100 6,399 23
9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and workers:
FY 25 FY 24
Total (A) No. (B) % (B / A) Total (C) No. (D) % (D / C)
Employees
Male 7,838 7,838 100 8,200 8,200 100
Female 778 778 100 731 731 100
Total 8,616 8,616 100 8,931 8,931 100
Workers
Male 11,864 11,864 100 11,416 11,416 100
Female 339 339 100 229 229 100
Total 12,203 12,203 100 11,645 11,645 100
The performance of all management staff employees is managed through a performance appraisal process called
LOOP. The performance management process facilitates open communication between managers and employees to
clarify expectations, communicate organizational goals, provide feedback, and offer continuous coaching for improving
performance. This system employs a structured cascade of balanced scorecard objectives (at Business Unit level) all the
way down to individual targets, ensuring alignment across the organization. It integrates performance and leadership
behavior appraisal, with rewards based on both company performance and individual contributions. Compensation reviews
consider performance, leadership behavior, and market comparisons, ultimately aiming to enhance business outcomes by
defining and achieving goals effectively.
10. Health and safety management system:
a) Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? If Yes, the
coverage such system?
Integrated OH&S Governance
Safety governance is led by the SHS Committee, supported by Corporate Sub-Committees and Factory Implementation
Committees, ensuring consistent policy execution and workplace safety across all facilities.
Core Elements of the Safety System
Key focus areas include leadership accountability, risk management, compliance, operational control, competency
development, incident investigation, contractor safety, emergency preparedness, and performance tracking.
OH&S Excellence Highlights
All our commercial vehicle manufacturing sites are ISO 45001 certified, demonstrating our commitment to the
highest standards of occupational health and safety. A multi-tiered governance structure with worker representation,
leadership programs, updated safety standards, strengthens the safety culture.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
207 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Contractor Safety Program
Contractor safety is structured through corporate oversight. Business partners are categorized by risk, assessed via a
Star Rating System and engaged through 169 self-managed teams.
Key focus areas for FY25
Focus on safe equipment maintenance, vehicle operations, utilities, housekeeping, and facility installations.
• Digital & AI Initiatives
AI-driven analytics and PPE monitoring are being deployed, focusing on connected workforce, assets, video
analytics, and skill development. Thirteen pilots are complete; full PPE monitoring is targeted by FY26.
• People and Recognition
Continuous learning (E-modules), multi-level recognition (Spot Awards, Safety Stewards), and quarterly rewards
for contractors drive safety engagement. 244 trainers have been developed under the Train-the-Trainer initiative.
• Compliance and Continuous Improvement
Rigorous audits and proactive safety measures ensure compliance and accountability. Tata Motors is committed
to a zero-harm future through continuous innovation and data-driven safety strategies.
b) What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis
by the entity?
Tata Motors uses a structured, proactive risk assessment approach to identify and mitigate hazards across routine
and non-routine activities. Through continuous monitoring, advanced analytics, and worker engagement, risks are
prioritized based on likelihood and severity, ensuring effective control measures.
A. Routine Hazard Identification & Risk Assessment
• Hazard Identification & Risk Assessment (HIRA):
Conducted bi-annually to assign a Risk Priority Number (RPN) based on severity, likelihood, and exposure,
applying the Hierarchy of Controls (elimination prioritized). All assessments are digitally recorded for real-
time tracking and trend analysis.
• Continuous Safety Monitoring & Audits:
Safety observations, walkthroughs, and layered audits (factory, department, corporate) ensure control
adherence. Performance is measured via the Proactive Safety Index (PSI), combining proactive and incident-
based metrics.
• Worker Involvement:
Toolbox Talks and “TAKE 2” sessions engage workers in hazard assessment before tasks. Behavior-Based
Safety (BBS) observations promote safe practices.
B. Non-Routine Hazard Identification & Risk Assessment
• Job Safety Analysis (JSA):
Conducted before non-routine or high-risk tasks, providing step-by-step hazard controls.
• Permit-to-Work (PTW) System:
Mandatory for high-risk activities like hot work, confined space entry, electrical maintenance, work at
heights, excavation, and lifting, ensuring authorization and training compliance.
• Access Control & Work Area Safety:
Barricading and Lockout/Tag-out (LOTO) systems prevent unauthorized access and control hazardous energy.
• Advanced Risk Assessments:
Specialized assessments like HAZOP (process safety), QRA (risk quantification), and FMEA (failure prevention)
are deployed for high-risk or complex operations.
80th Integrated Annual Report
208
2024-25

C. Emergency Preparedness & Continuous Improvement
• Regular emergency drills test response readiness for scenarios like fire, chemical spills, and gas leaks.
Incident investigations use Root Cause Analysis (RCA) for continual safety improvements. AI-driven
platforms enable real-time risk prediction and management.
Tata Motors’ data-driven, evolving safety framework integrates structured assessments, digital monitoring,
and worker participation to sustain a zero-harm culture across all operations.
c) Whether you have processes for workers to report the work related hazards and to remove themselves from
such risks.
Yes, Tata Motors has robust and comprehensive processes in place for workers to report work-related hazards and
to remove themselves from such risks. We firmly believe that a safe and healthy workplace is not just a desirable
outcome, but a fundamental right for every employee. Our commitment to this principle is reflected in the multi-
faceted approach we take to hazard reporting and risk mitigation. We empower our employees to be active participants
in maintaining a safe work environment, providing them with the tools, training, and authority to identify, report, and,
when necessary, immediately remove themselves from potential hazards. This commitment is not merely a policy on
paper; it’s a deeply ingrained cultural value, reinforced through continuous training, open communication, and a clear
understanding that safety is everyone’s responsibility.
1. Multiple Reporting Mechanisms for Work-Related Hazards
• Digital Safety Reporting Platform: Employees can report hazards and near-misses in real-time through a
dedicated digital system (Safety Portal) integrated into the company’s safety management framework.
• Safety Observation (SO) Process: Workers identify and report unsafe acts, conditions, and near-misses for
prompt corrective action.
• Action Employee Can Take (AECT) Program: Encourages employees to take ownership of safety by flagging
and mitigating hazards proactively.
• Whistleblower Mechanism & Open-Door Policy: Ensures anonymous reporting and protection from
retaliation, fostering a culture of transparency and trust.
• Self-Directed Team (SDT) & Self-managed Team (SMT) Safety Point Leaders: On-ground shop floor
representatives of self-employees and Business partners lead hazard identification and reporting programs.
2. Empowering Workers to Remove Themselves from Unsafe Conditions
• Stop Work Authority (SWA): Employees have the right to immediately stop work if they perceive an
imminent risk to health and safety.
• Escalation Procedures: Workers can escalate unresolved safety concerns to safety officers, supervisors, or
the site SHE team for immediate intervention.
• Joint Safety Committees: Employee representatives actively participate in safety governance, risk
assessments, and hazard control initiatives.
• Incident Investigation & Corrective Actions: Every reported hazard undergoes root cause analysis (RCA)
and triggers corrective and preventive actions with follow-up audits.
• Regular Safety Training & Toolbox Talks: Employees receive continuous safety training on identifying risks,
reporting hazards, and exercising their right to a safe work environment.
Through this comprehensive approach, Tata Motors fosters a safety-first culture where employees are actively
involved in hazard identification, risk reporting, and workplace safety improvements.
d) Do the employees / worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services?
Tata Motors is committed to a safe, healthy, and sustainable workplace through a robust safety management system,
risk mitigation strategies, and continuous improvement. Integrating ISO 45001 standards, digital tools, predictive
analytics, and strong governance, the company promotes a zero-incident culture across manufacturing, research,
supply chains, and business partner ecosystems.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
209 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Key elements include:
• Robust Governance & Oversight with OH&S system integration and leadership accountability
• Risk-Based Operational Safety Programs (CTS Stations, BBS initiatives)
• Contractor Safety Management across supply chains
• AI & Digital Safety Interventions for real-time risk monitoring
• Employee Health & Well-being Programs
• Reward & Recognition for safety excellence
• 2nd Party Safety & Health Audits to ensure continuous improvement
A. Robust Governance & Oversight
Tata Motors embeds a multi-tiered OH&S governance structure:
• SHS Committee of the Board (chaired by independent director) reviews safety quarterly.
• SHS Council (Executive Director and BU Heads) aligns corporate and plant-level initiatives.
• Factory Implementation Committees (FICs) ensure execution at ground level.
Leadership for Zero Harm:
• 8 leadership behaviours promoted across forums
• Safety Culture Model and revised Safety Standards (EVs, Hydrogen, LNG) adopted
B. Operations and Risk Mitigation
Critical to Safety (CTS) Stations:
1,203 CTS Stations focus on hazard elimination using engineering and administrative controls.
Sustaining Safety Controls through SDCA Cycles
Tata Motors follows SDCA (Standardize, Do, Check, Act) cycles to sustain safety measures:
Control Type Interventions Implemented
S1 Controls (Administrative/People Controls) 4,128 measures strengthening procedural discipline
S2 Controls (Engineering Controls) 2,647 interventions for risk mitigation
S3 Controls (Elimination/Substitution/Fail-Safe) 1,137 high-impact measures eliminating risks at the source
Safety Kaizen Projects & Behavior-Based Safety (BBS)
• Safety Kaizen Projects: ~85 continuous improvement projects annually targeting material handling, PPE
compliance, and driving safety.
• Behavior-Based Safety (BBS): Enhancing safe practices and eliminating unsafe behaviors.
C. Business Partner (Contractor) Safety Program: Focus Areas for FY25
Tata Motors has identified high-risk, high-value contract services across plant locations, focusing on targeted hazard
analysis, risk mapping, and implementation of administrative and engineering controls in the following areas:
1. Equipment Maintenance
2. Driving Safety (Vehicle movement inside plants)
3. Operations & Maintenance of Utilities
4. Housekeeping Operations
5. Equipment & Facility Installation
Key Initiatives under the Business Partner Safety Program:
These initiatives reinforce Tata Motors’ Zero Harm commitment, ensuring contractor safety through structured
governance, risk-based assessments, and self-managed accountability mechanisms.
The Business Partner Safety Program has been formulated with six key levers to enhance contractor safety
and compliance:
80th Integrated Annual Report
210
2024-25

• Business Partner Risk Categorization:
o Based on risk level and nature of work, leveraging benchmarking from Tata Group Company.
o Four risk-based categories have been defined.
• Star Rating System Implementation:
o Benchmarking and categorizing business partners based on risk assessment outcomes.
o 383 Business Partners have undergone Star Rating Assessment, all achieving a rating of 3 stars or above.
• Deployment of Self-Managed Teams (SMTs):
o 169 SMTs initiated across plant locations to strengthen contractor safety management.
o Empowering business partners to drive safety performance autonomously.
D. AI & Digital Interventions for Safety
• AI-driven safety initiatives in partnership with Tata group companies at Plants to analyse PPE adherence.
• 13 AI-based pilot projects including PPE monitoring, video analytics, and connected workforce solutions.
E. Employee Health & Well-being Initiatives
Tata Motors prioritizes employee health through structured wellness programs and medical interventions, including:
• Annual health screenings & medical check-ups to monitor workforce health.
• Fitness and lifestyle programs, including ergonomic assessments and weight management plans.
• Industrial hygiene and exposure monitoring to assess potential workplace hazards.
• Workplace wellness programs (stress management, health counselling, and nutrition guidance).
• Occupational Health Centres (OHCs) providing on-site medical assistance.
• Employee Assistance Programs (EAPs) for mental health and work-life balance.
F. People & Performance – Reward & Recognition Culture
Tata Motors fosters a safety-driven culture through structured reward and recognition programs:
• Recognition & Incentives:
o Spot Awards for exceptional safety contributions.
o Best Self-Directed Teams & Safety Point Leaders.
o Safety Competitions at plants/Workshop/Depot and corporate levels.
• Quarterly Business Partner Safety Rewards Program across all plants.
• Train-the-Trainer Program: Developing 244 new trainers to strengthen safety leadership.
G. 2nd Party Corporate Safety & Health Audit:
As part of Tata Motors’ commitment to fostering a world-class safety culture, the 2nd Party Corporate Safety & Health
Audit plays a crucial role in ensuring compliance, continuous improvement, and operational excellence across all
manufacturing plants and business units. The audit process follows a structured approach aligned with corporate
standard and procedure (S&P) subcommittee and audit protocols, providing an independent assessment of workplace
safety standards, risk mitigation strategies, and the effectiveness of key safety programs.
The FY 2024-25 audit cycle focused on five critical safety standards selected based on risk levels and incident history,
as well as a defined audit frequency of three years. The selected standards are:
• MOC – Management of Change
• WAH – Working at Heights
• LASL – Lifting & Supporting Load
• ESMS – Electrical Safety Management System
• FSMS – Fire Safety Management System
The audit teams, consisting of Cross-Functional Teams (CFTs) from various plants, led by Plant S&P Subcommittee
Heads, FIC Heads, Standard Champions, Safety Officers, and Behavior-Based Safety (BBS) Standard Champions.
These teams conduct detailed assessments, evaluate the implementation of safety measures, identify areas for
improvement, and reinforce best practices.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
211 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
The audit findings presented at the Corporate Standard and Procedure (S&P) Subcommittee and subsequently at the
SHS Council for review and action planning. The insights gathered drive corrective and preventive actions (CAPA),
enhance Business partner safety management, and strengthen leadership engagement in safety governance.
Through comprehensive governance structures, risk-based programs, digital safety interventions, and employee well-
being initiatives, Tata Motors continues to drive a safe and healthy workplace, reinforcing its commitment to Zero
Harm and safety excellence.
11. Details of safety related incidents
Safety Incident / Number Category* FY 25 FY 24
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one million-person Employees 0.12** 0.27
hours worked)
Workers 0.18 0.16
Total recordable work-related injuries Employees 54 79
Workers 17 21
No. of fatalities Employees Nil 1
Workers 1 Nil
High consequence work-related injury or ill-health (excluding Employees Nil Nil
fatalities)
Workers Nil Nil
* For safety metrics, employees include both white collar employees & blue-collar workers on roll with Tata Motors while workers consist of the
third-party contractual workforce and business partners.
**Initiatives detailed in Q.10 above has led to an improvement in LTIFR
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.
Tata Motors is dedicated to ensuring a safe, healthy, and sustainable work environment through a robust safety
management system, proactive risk mitigation, and continuous improvement. By adhering to global safety standards
(ISO 45001), using advanced technology, and engaging workers, the Company minimizes hazards and promotes employee
well-being. Leveraging behavior-based safety (BBS), digital tools, predictive analytics, and strong governance, Tata Motors
fosters a zero-incident culture across operations.
Key Safety Approaches
• Governance & Oversight
Tata Motors integrates Occupational Health & Safety (OH&S) into governance with multi-tiered safety committees
ensuring leadership accountability and regular reviews.
• Risk Mitigation & Core Safety Programs (CTS)
The Company eliminates hazards through engineering and administrative controls, with over 1,200 Critical to Safety
(CTS) stations to monitor high-risk areas and reduce injuries.
• Business Partner Safety Management
Safety protocols extend to contractors through risk-based categorization, Star Ratings, and Self-Managed Teams
(SMTs) to ensure safety across the supply chain.
• AI & Digital Safety Interventions
AI-driven tools monitor PPE adherence and enhance workplace safety, including 13 pilot projects like PPE monitoring
and video analytics.
• Employee Health & Wellness
Tata Motors offers wellness programs, health screenings, fitness initiatives, and mental health support, with
Occupational Health Centres (OHCs) and Employee Assistance Programs (EAPs).
• People & Performance Recognition
Safety culture is promoted through Spot Awards, Safety Competitions, and a Train-the-Trainer Program to develop
leadership in safety.
80th Integrated Annual Report
212
2024-25

• Safety & Health Audits
Regular safety audits assess practices in critical areas like Electrical Safety and Working at Heights, driving corrective
actions and continuous improvement.
Detailed Safety Measures
• Governance: Tata Motors embeds OH&S into its governance, with committees like the SHS Council ensuring alignment
between corporate and plant-level safety.
• CTS Stations: 1,203 CTS stations focus on eliminating hazards, reducing risks, and sustaining safety through
SDCA cycles.
• Business Partner Safety: Key areas like Equipment Maintenance, Driving Safety, and Housekeeping are prioritized for
contractor safety, with initiatives like the Star Rating System and SMT deployment.
Tata Motors’ commitment to safety excellence is reinforced by cutting-edge technology, global best practices, and a strong
culture of risk mitigation and employee well-being.
13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 25 FY 24
Pending Pending
Filed during the Filed during the
resolution at the Remarks resolution at the Remarks
year year
end of year end of year
Working Conditions Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
Health and Safety Nil Nil Nil 1 0 Nil
14. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory
authorities or third parties)
Health and safety practices 100
Working Conditions 100
Internal inspections play a crucial role in maintaining and enhancing safety standards at Tata Motors. The Company conducts
first-party audits every month, where every Factory Implementation Committee (FIC) thoroughly examines all 16 safety
standards to ensure compliance and identify areas for improvement. Additionally, second-party audits are conducted
monthly for one standard by cross FIC within the plant, and five safety standards annually by cross-location teams.
Tata Motors prioritizes independent external verification of health, safety, and well-being through BIS 14489 EHS audits.
These audits assess the organization’s environmental health and safety (EHS) programs to ensure compliance with
regulatory standards and promote a safe work environment. The EHS department plays a crucial role in preparing the
workplace and staff for audits, ensuring the effectiveness of the EHS management system.
Standards Used:
• BIS 14489 EHS Audits: These audits adhere to the BIS 14489:1998 standard, which focuses on assessing an
organization’s environmental health and safety programs. This standard ensures that the organization meets
regulatory standards and promotes a safe work environment.
Scope of the Audit: The audit typically involves:
• Identifying applicable regulations for the specific facility.
• Verifying employee adherence to health and safety standards.
• Evaluating the effectiveness of safety training programs.
• Assessing the adequacy of processes, systems, and technologies for ensuring compliance.
All Tata Motors sites underwent BIS 14489:1998 audits during the fiscal year 2024-25, demonstrating our commitment to
upholding high standards of health, safety, and well-being across our organization.
ISO 45001 Certification: All Tata Motors sites are certified as per ISO 45001, an international standard for occupational
health and safety management systems.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
213 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents and on significant risks /
concerns arising from assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions.
At Tata Motors (TML), safety is a core value and an integral part of our business strategy. We are committed to providing a
safe, healthy, and sustainable work environment by adopting a proactive and structured approach to incident prevention,
risk mitigation, and continuous improvement in workplace safety. We recognize that addressing safety-related incidents
and mitigating significant risks is paramount to protecting our employees and fostering a Zero Harm culture. Our
comprehensive strategy involves several key elements:
Our safety governance framework emphasizes:
P Incident investigation and learning
P Addressing Unsafe Acts & Conditions
P Addressing Significant Risks & Concerns from Safety Assessments
P A Culture of Safety Leadership Engagements and Ownership
P Enhancing Workplace Health & Well-being
• Incident Investigation and Learning:
o Root Cause Analysis (RCA) is conducted for all safety incidents to determine causes and areas for improvement.
o Learnings are shared via RED Corner notices across locations to address risks proactively.
o Corrective measures, including process modifications and engineering controls, are implemented, with Action
Taken Reports (ATR) ensuring follow-up.
o Regular audits and effectiveness checks verify the success of corrective actions.
• Addressing Unsafe Acts & Conditions:
o Unsafe acts are identified and corrected through structured observation and near-miss reporting.
o A timeline is set for corrective action, with audits ensuring sustained risk mitigation.
• Managing Significant Risks:
o Tata Motors uses a tiered risk management approach, implementing human-factor (S1), engineering (S2), and
advanced elimination measures (S3) for hazards.
o Over 1,200 Critical to Safety (CTS) stations monitor high-risk activities.
o AI and predictive analytics enhance safety by identifying unsafe behaviors and conditions in real time.
• Safety Leadership and Ownership:
o Senior leadership engages in safety walkthroughs and audits, reinforcing the safety culture.
o Employees are empowered to stop work if a danger is identified and are encouraged to communicate safety
concerns openly.
• Workplace Health & Well-being:
o Ergonomic assessments, health screenings, and wellness initiatives are regularly conducted.
o Mental health and stress management programs foster a holistic approach to safety and well-being.
Tata Motors’ safety strategy integrates technology, proactive measures, and a culture of leadership engagement to
continually enhance workplace safety and health.
80th Integrated Annual Report
214
2024-25

Leadership Indicators
1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of (A) Employees (B)
Workers? (Yes/No)
A. Employees – Yes
B. Workers – Yes
Yes, Tata Motors extends life insurance and compensatory packages to staff employees in the event of death or on medical
grounds (Permanent Disability). These benefits include financial assistance schemes such as the Parivar Suraksha Yojana
(PSY), Seva Nidhi Yojana (SNY), Adarsh Nidhi Yojana (ANY), Employee Mutual Benefit Fund (EMBF), Employee Contribution
Benefit Scheme (ECBS), Jeevan Ratan Kalyan Yojana (JRKY), and Group Personal Accident Insurance (GPA). Additionally,
there’s the Corporate National Pension Scheme (NPS) for long-term financial support. The benefits extend to nominees or
legal heirs and cover different locations and employee categories. Furthermore, there are family medical benefits available
in Jamshedpur, Mumbai, Pune, Lucknow, Dharwad, Sanand, and Pantnagar, offering medical support to spouses for a
lifetime and children until they reach the age of 21.
2. Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work related injury / ill-health / fatalities
(as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or
whose family members have been placed in suitable employment:
No. of employees / workers that are rehabilitated and
Total no. of affected employees / workers placed in suitable employment or whose family members
have been placed in suitable employment
FY 25 FY 24 FY 25 FY 24
Employees Nil 1 Nil 1
Workers 1 0 0 0
3. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
At Tata Motors, all value chain partners undergo periodic assessments to ensure adherence to health and safety practices
and maintain optimal working conditions. Compliance with standards such as SA8000, OHSAS 18001, ISO 45001, and IS
14489 is actively promoted.
At Tata Motors, we believe that evaluating supplier performance is essential to ensure alignment with our business
standards and operational excellence. We are committed to fostering strong partnerships by working closely with suppliers
to clarify our expectations and enhance their capabilities through training, guidance, and support.
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that
were assessed
Health and safety practices 100 (Downstream Channel Partners)
Working Conditions 100 (Downstream Channel Partners)
4. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from
assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.
At Tata Motors, safety is a top priority across the entire value chain, ensuring the well-being of employees, suppliers,
contractors, and logistics partners. We implement rigorous risk mitigation strategies, digital safety tools, and capacity-
building initiatives to create a resilient safety ecosystem.
1. Risk Mitigation for Value Chain Partners
To address safety risks across our supply chain, we focus on:
• Defensive Driver Training to reduce road incidents.
• Authorized Drivers Only Policy to restrict vehicle operation to certified personnel.
• Daily Work Management (DWM) to ensure structured planning and task allocation.
• Safety Committees & Employee Engagement to promote safety improvements.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
215 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
• Safety Champions Program to empower employees to lead safety initiatives.
• Monthly Safety Audits & Compliance Checks to identify gaps and implement corrective actions.
• Knowledge Sharing & Best Practices to spread successful safety initiatives.
2. Digitalization & Innovation in Safety
We leverage digital tools and technologies to enhance safety:
• Supplier Safety Dashboards for real-time safety compliance tracking.
• AI-Based Safety Monitoring to identify potential hazards.
• Contractor Safety Management System for strict adherence to safety guidelines.
3. Key Safety Programs for Supply Chain Partners
• Safety Audits and Risk Assessments to ensure compliance with Tata Motors’ standards.
• Digital Safety Integration includes remote monitoring and IoT-enabled hazard detection.
• Standardized Safety Practices: Supplier Safety Code of Conduct and mandatory ISO 45001 certification.
• Process & Engineering Controls: Automating logistics and material handling processes, digital Lockout-Tagout
(LOTO) systems for enhanced machine safety.
• Training Initiatives: Digital and classroom-based training, behavior-based safety programs, and workshops.
• Incident Reporting and Monitoring: Structured reporting system and performance reviews, with incentive
programs for top-performing suppliers.
4. Impact and Outcomes
These initiatives have led to:
• Enhanced compliance across partners.
• Significant reduction in safety incidents within the supply chain.
• A stronger safety culture extending beyond Tata Motors’ direct operations.
5. Business Partner (Contractor) Safety Program
Key components include:
• Risk-Based Categorization: Four defined categories for business partners.
• Star Rating System: 383 Business Partners have undergone Star Rating Assessment, all achieving a rating of 3
stars or above
• Self-Managed Teams (SMTs): 169 SMTs foster independent safety governance.
6. Operational Safety
Tata Motors has focused on high-risk contract services such as:
• Equipment Maintenance, Vehicle Movement, Utilities Maintenance, Housekeeping, Equipment Installation.
Control measures include:
• 305 Administrative Controls and 131 Engineering Controls to ensure safety.
7. Culture of Safety Excellence
Tata Motors continues to strengthen safety through:
• Continuous incident analysis and safety improvements.
• Digital innovation for enhanced risk management.
80th Integrated Annual Report
216
2024-25

• Employee well-being programs and proactive safety leadership.
• Extending safety focus to value chain partners for a sustainable ecosystem.
By implementing these safety interventions, Tata Motors reinforces its commitment to creating a zero-harm workplace
and a safer future for all stakeholders.
Principle 4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.
Internal and external stakeholders have been identified that have a direct impact on the operations and working of the
Company. This includes Investors & Shareholders, Employees, Customers, Communities, Suppliers/service providers,
Regulators/Government, Dealers & Service centers, Experts/Academic & Research institutions, Media. For more details,
refer to the Stakeholder Engagement section of the Integrated Annual Report 2024-25.
2. List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder group.
Whether
Channels of communication Purpose and scope of
identified as Frequency of engagement
(Email, SMS, Newspaper, Pamphlets, engagement including key
Stakeholder Group vulnerable and (annually / half yearly / quarterly
Advertisement, Community Meetings, topics and concerns raised
marginalized / others)
Notice Board, Website), Other during such engagement
group
1 Investors & No Investor meets, investor calls, Quarterly engagement post Timely business updates
Shareholders press releases and mail updates, results. Annual engagement and updates on material
email support for investor at AGM. Investor meetings events, enhancing level of
queries. on request disclosures, compliances.
2 Employees No Team touch point, skip level Regular engagement Build strong employee
meetings, quarterly town engagement, Recognition
hall, accolades – rewards & and Rewards, building strong
recognition platform, culture organisational culture,
survey and pulse survey, round leadership development,
table with senior leadership, ask cess capability, union
me anything forums, self-directed engagement
teams
3 Customers No Customer meets, feedback calls, Feedback is collected Product and service-related
home visits regularly post customer issues
visit to workshop. Customer
meets and home visits are
planned activity and being
monitored on monthly basis.
4 Regulators/ No Strategic representation and Regular engagement Obtaining permissions,
Government meetings with government licenses, clarifications,
agencies, Representation through waivers, business
trade bodies development approvals,
vendor and logistical
support, recoveries as per
group requirement
5 Communities Yes Awareness building through Regular engagement Malnutrition and other
people friendly engagement tools health issues, Education-
like street plays and folk songs; related: Addressing gaps
Community meetings matching in learning levels; skilling;
the routines and availability of increasing employability,
the beneficiaries; Recognition and even for school dropouts;
felicitation through interaction Spreading environmental
with the board members, senior awareness and facilitating
leadership, Emergency/ Disaster plantation; Providing
relief activities. disaster relief
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
217 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Whether
Channels of communication Purpose and scope of
identified as Frequency of engagement
(Email, SMS, Newspaper, Pamphlets, engagement including key
Stakeholder Group vulnerable and (annually / half yearly / quarterly
Advertisement, Community Meetings, topics and concerns raised
marginalized / others)
Notice Board, Website), Other during such engagement
group
Related examples, Integrated
Village Development related
activities; need assessment, Local
Governance (village health and
Nutrition Committee, Village
Development Committee, Water
Management Committee)
meetings for strengthening
their operations, Water Project
in and with the communities,
Celebration and participation in
local Community events etc.
6 Suppliers/ No Early vendor involvement in Periodic (structured) and Key topics discussed include
service product design and development; Need-based product improvements,
providers Structured
Technologies, additional
Engagement through annual demand fulfilment for
supplier conference, zonal meets semiconductors due to
and supplier council meets; global demand supply
Periodic interactions to drive deficit; commodity price
ongoing product improvements; inflation, ESG performance,
Supplier technology days to and any other topic/concern
understand and align supplier specific to a particular
technologies that can be deployed supplier.
in Tata Motors products. Annual
performance review of ESG
parameters. Need based category
buyer engagement with suppliers.
Focused engagement with
suppliers from Affirmative Action
community. A dedicated platform
- Aikyam - for engaging suppliers
in a meaningful dialogue on
sustainability initiatives
7 Dealers & No Dealer meetings, visits, audits, Regular engagement Ordering complexity and
service centres dealer council, joint programmes turnaround time, reduction
& sustainability initiatives. in inventory cost, timely
settlement of claims,
and timely support from
insurance surveyors.
8 Experts/ No Collaborative need-based Need basis Consistency and Maturity
Academ ic engagements on mutually of process and associated
and Research beneficial projects, Case-based protocol, of collaborating
Institutions meetings institutions; Ensuring
technical, managerial and
leadership alignment with
customer requirement and
regulatory needs.
9 Media No Press releases, Media Interviews, Company and its business Need for consistent internal
Authored articles, Quotes in related announcements and external communication
industry stories Participation in supported with news releases to amplify key identified
media led industry forums as and media interactions – As themes/storylines that
thought leader / guest speaker and when required portray the company and its
Content reused/reproduced by • Sales Releases – Monthly business’ future readiness,
media basis what is published on • Global Sales Releases - leadership, talent and
proprietary digital assets Quarterly\ culture, customer centricity,
• Financial Results – contribution to nation and
Quarterly community
• Speaking on media led
platforms – as and when
required
80th Integrated Annual Report
218
2024-25

Leadership Indicators
1. Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and social
topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.
We firmly believe in fostering continuous dialogue with our stakeholders, underscoring our commitment to transparency
and accountability. Our leadership actively engages through various platforms to ensure that stakeholder feedback—
whether on economic, environmental, or social matters—is thoughtfully considered and integrated into our decision-
making processes.
We firmly believe in fostering continuous dialogue with our stakeholders, underscoring our commitment to transparency
and accountability. Our leadership actively engages through various platforms to ensure that stakeholder feedback—
whether on economic, environmental, or social matters—is thoughtfully considered and integrated into our decision-
making processes.
To strengthen and formalize this engagement, we have established dedicated committees focused on key areas of concern:
• The Safety, Health, and Sustainability (SHS) Committee plays a critical role in evaluating our performance across
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) dimensions. It oversees the implementation of relevant policies and
strategies that drive sustainable practices across the organization.
• The Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee is instrumental in shaping and recommending CSR policies to
the Board. It also monitors CSR budget allocations, activities, and expenditures to ensure alignment with our broader
commitment to social impact and community engagement.
• The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee is entrusted with monitoring statutory compliances and ensuring the
smooth execution of services related to dividend payments, security holder communication, and the performance of
our Registrar and Transfer Agents—enhancing trust, transparency, and service efficiency in our investor relations.
Furthering our commitment to shareholder engagement, we provide shareholders the opportunity to interact with the full
Board during the Annual General Meeting (AGM). This forum enables meaningful dialogue and helps us stay responsive to
the evolving needs, priorities, and expectations of our stakeholders.
2. Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and
social topics. If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics were
incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.
Tata Motors conducted a thorough materiality assessment in FY 2024-25 to pinpoint issues crucial to our value creation
process. We engaged with both internal and external stakeholders to identify material topics which were identified by
analyzing our ESG rating against various ESG frameworks. Customized questionnaires based on these topics were circulated
to stakeholders and the leadership team, who rated each topic based on its impact on business and sustainability.
Stakeholder responses were then prioritized as High, Medium, or Low, helping Tata Motors identify key material topics.
Finally, senior management reviewed these identified topics for further action.
Further these material topics have been taken to identify establish clear and specific goals that outline what the company
aims to achieve in addressing that issue.
3. Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable / marginalized
stakeholder groups.
The Company’s Affirmative Action (AA) Policy is specially designed to address the needs and concerns of socially
disadvantaged sections of society, i.e., Scheduled Castes and Tribes (SC and ST). Within the broader stakeholder group
of communities, the Company’s programs are mainly driven towards women’s health and empowerment, and the health
and education of children. The projects are implemented to ensure regular and continuous engagement with these
stakeholders, with measured outcomes and impacts.
The Company has also curated special projects to address the challenges faced by the most socially and economically
marginalised sections — the waste pickers and the migrants in Pune district. The aim is to provide dignity and a decent
quality of life for them and their family members. Special scholarships have been granted to their wards to mainstream and
continue their education.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
219 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
In one of the instances, 15 workers bonded at Math Village in Ahilya Nagar District, who had passed through the hands
of four owners since October 2024, were exploited, provided with inadequate food and water, and kept under unhygienic
conditions, nearly forbidden to return home. With the help of the District Magistrate’s Office, efforts were made by our
team to reach their relatives, and all the workers were rescued and sent back to their homes in HOL village in Jalgaon in
March 2025. It was also ensured that all their dues were paid.
Principle 5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights
Essential Indicators
1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity:
FY25 FY24
No. of No. of
employees/ employees/
Total (A) % (B / A) Total (C) % (D / C)
workers covered workers covered
(B) (D)
Employees
Permanent 8,616 5,796 67 8,931 3,807 43
Other than permanent 111 111 100 241 13 5
Total Employees 8,727 5,907 68 9,172 3,820 42
Workers
Permanent 12,203 2,089 17 11,645 2,030 17
Other than permanent 16,054 12,881 80 16,752 16,752 100
Total Workers 28,257 14,970 53 28,397 18,782 66
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers:
FY25 FY24
Equal to Minimum More than Minimum Equal to Minimum More than Minimum
Wage Wage (C) Wage Wage
Total (A) Total (A)
(B) % (B / A) (C) % (C / A) (B) % (B / A) (C) % (C /A)
Employees
Permanent 8,616 - - 8,616 100 8,931 - - 8,931 100
Male 7,838 - - 7,838 100 8,200 - - 8,200 100
Female 778 - - 778 100 731 - - 731 100
Other than 111 - - 111 100 241 - - 241 100
Permanent
Male 63 - - 63 100 188 - - 188 100
Female 48 - - 48 100 53 - - 53 100
Workers
Permanent 12,203 - - 12,203 100 11,645 - - 11,645 100
Male 11,864 - - 11,864 100 11,416 - - 11,416 100
Female 339 - - 339 100 229 - - 229 100
Other than 16,054 2,557 16 13,497 84 16,752 2,377 14 14,375 86
Permanent
Male 13,272 2,359 18 10,913 82 13,786 2,030 15 11,756 85
Female 2,782 198 7 2,584 93 2,966 347 12 2,619 88
3. Details of remuneration / salary / wages:
a. Median remuneration / wages:
Male Female
Median remuneration / Median remuneration /
Number salary / wages of respective Number salary / wages of respective
category (in lacs INR) category (in lacs INR)
Board of Directors (BoD) 6 125.4 3 125.8
Key Managerial Personnel* 2 867.56 - -
Employees other than BoD and KMP 7,835 17.07 778 12.48
Workers 11,864 10.48 339 6.69
*excludes Executive Director who is also a KMP and included under BoD
80th Integrated Annual Report
220
2024-25

b. Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY 25 FY 24
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages 5.2 4.6
4. Do you have a focal point (Individual / Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or
contributed to by the business?
All our Human Resource Policies and initiatives, directly or indirectly, promote the preservation and promotion of Human
Rights. Tata Motors acknowledges the upholding of human rights as a fundamental element of its business operations. The
company is committed to respecting and safeguarding the human rights of all stakeholders and addressing any adverse
human rights impacts arising from its operations.
The Company has adopted a Policy on Prevention, Prohibition, and Redressal of Sexual Harassment at the workplace
in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition, and Redressal)
Act, 2013, and the rules framed thereunder. Internal Committees are in place for all works and offices of the Company
to redress complaints received regarding sexual harassment. Protection of human rights, impacts, or issues caused by
business is covered under TCoC. The Company has an ethics helpline where anyone can place anonymous complaints of
alleged violations.
The ethics helpline can be reached in the following ways:
1. A Whistle-blower can report his/her ethical concerns by either calling the toll-free number - 000 800-0502-221 or by
accessing the web portal at ‘tatamotors.ethicspoint.com’ or by email to ethicsoffice@tatamotors.com. Concerns can
be submitted in multiple languages.
2. Written application: Concerns can also be reported in writing to the Chief Ethics Counsellor, Chairman of the Audit
Committee, or other members of senior management.
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
Tata Motors is dedicated to managing its operations with fairness and transparency, maintaining the highest levels of
professionalism, honesty, integrity, and ethical conduct. In line with this commitment, the Company has implemented
the Tata Code of Conduct, which sets forth the principles and standards that govern the actions of both the Company and
its employees.
Tata Motors also has a Whistle Blower Mechanism in place to encourage the reporting of violations of the Tata Code of
Conduct, including human rights violations. This mechanism is governed by the Whistle-blower Policy. The whistle-blower
helpline can be reached in the following ways:
1. A whistle-blower can report his/her ethical concerns by either calling the toll-free number – 000 800 0502 221 or by
accessing the web portal at ‘tatamotors.ethicspoint.com’. Concerns can be submitted in multiple languages.
2. Written application: Concerns can also be reported in writing to the Chief Ethics Counsellor or the Chairman of the
Audit Committee.
The Company has a governance mechanism in place to ensure confidentiality and protection of the whistle-blower from
any harassment or victimization.
Any actual or potential breach of the Tata Code of Conduct, no matter how minor it may seem, is regarded as a serious
concern by the Company. Upon receiving any concern, it is thoroughly investigated. The facts and evidence gathered during
the investigation are evaluated by the Ethics Counsel members. If the violations are proven, the Ethics Counsellor members,
in consultation with the Chief Ethics Counsellor or the Apex Ethics Committee, shall recommend the consequential action,
taking into consideration the nature, gravity, and quantum of the issues noted.
The Company has a Consequence Management Policy in place, which lays down the consequences or actions to be taken
in case of violation of the Tata Code of Conduct. Consequences for violations range from formal warnings and performance
management downgrades for first instances, ultimately leading to termination or resignation.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
221 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Every quarter, an update on the summary of cases received and resolved during the quarter, and actions taken in cases
where violations were noted, is presented to the Audit Committee.
The Company also has a Code of Conduct for Value Chain Partners and requires them to submit a declaration affirming
their commitment to adhering to the guidelines in it. The said Code of Conduct also encompasses the protection of
human rights.
In line with our commitment towards gender inclusion and diversity, and creating a safe, fair, and just workplace, the
Company has the Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace (POSH) Policy. The POSH setup includes various Internal
Committees (ICs). In addition, an APEX Internal Committee acts as an Appellate Body and is responsible for disseminating
this policy. We have formulated standard guidelines to address the issue of sexual harassment at the workplace. These
guidelines are administered by the location/sub-unit specific committees at the local (Plant/Regions) level. All women
associates (permanent, temporary, contractual, and trainees), women service providers, as well as any woman visiting the
Company’s workplace, are covered under this policy. Any kind of objectionable conduct is subject to disciplinary action.
6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 25 FY 24
Pending Pending
Filed during Filed during
resolution at the Remarks resolution at the Remarks
the year the year
end of year end of year
Sexual Harassment 21 1 The enquiry is in 11 4 All FY24 pending
progress for the cases have been
pending case resolved as of FY25
Discrimination at Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
workplace
Child Labour Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Forced Labour / Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Involuntary Labour
Wages Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Other human rights Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
related issues
7. Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013,
in the following format:
FY 25 FY 24
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment on of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 21 11
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers 0.53 0.32#
Complaints on POSH upheld 21** 10*
* Includes cases from FY 2022-23 that were closed in FY 2023-24.
** Includes cases from FY 2023-24 that were closed in FY 2024-25.
# The % PoSH complaints per employee/ worker for FY24 have been restated basis the guidelines set forth in SEBI’s circular dated December 20,
2024, which outlines Industry Standards Forum guidance for BRSR Core.
8. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
i. In the Whistle Blower Policy, the Company has a separate section addressing the protection of whistleblowers
against any unfair practices such as retaliation, threats, or intimidation involving termination/suspension of service,
disciplinary action, transfer, demotion, refusal of promotion, or the like. This includes any direct or indirect use of
authority to obstruct the whistleblower’s right to continue performing his/her duties/functions, including making
further Protected Disclosures. The identity of the whistleblower shall be kept confidential to the extent possible and
permitted under law.
ii. As part of the Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace (POSH) Policy, the Company has stated that the
complainant, if the charge is found valid, or the alleged harasser, if found innocent, is protected against any form
of retaliation.
iii. As part of the Tata Code of Conduct (TCoC), the Company does not tolerate any form of retaliation against anyone
reporting concerns. Anyone involved in targeting such a person will be subject to disciplinary action.
80th Integrated Annual Report
222
2024-25

9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts?
Yes, compliance with the Tata Code of Conduct is included in business agreements, contracts, and purchase orders. Tata
Motors has specific clauses related to human rights as part of the Tata Code of Conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct, and
Dealer Code of Conduct.
10. Assessments for the year:
% of plants and offices that were assessed
Child labour 100
Forced / involuntary labour 100
Sexual harassment 100
Discrimination at workplace 100
Wages 100
Tata Motors conducts comprehensive assessments of all its plants and offices to ensure compliance with human rights
standards. Internal teams rigorously evaluate each facility, supported by robust checks and controls designed to identify
and rectify any violations. These assessments are part of the regular ongoing reviews conducted by the senior leadership
team of the Company.
Child Labour: Our commitment to eradicating child labor is reflected in our robust systems and controls. We have
implemented stringent measures to ensure that individuals under the age of 18 are not employed within our organization.
Our manpower system prohibits the onboarding of anyone below this age threshold, while our rigorous gate control
procedures guarantee that individuals under 18 are not granted access to our premises.
Forced/Involuntary Labour: We uphold the dignity and rights of all our employees by strictly prohibiting any form of forced
or involuntary labor. To reinforce this commitment, we ensure that all employee salaries are deposited directly into their
bank accounts, eliminating any possibility of coercion or exploitation in the payment process. This practice underscores our
zero-tolerance stance against forced labor in any aspect of our operations.
Sexual Harassment: The Company maintains a steadfast stance of zero tolerance towards sexual harassment in the
workplace. In compliance with the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition, and Redressal)
Act, 2013, and its accompanying regulations, we have established a comprehensive Policy on Prevention, Prohibition,
and Redressal of Sexual Harassment. This policy is enforced across all our worksites and offices, and Internal Complaints
Committees (ICCs) have been established to promptly and effectively address any complaints related to sexual harassment.
Discrimination at Workplace: We are committed to fostering an inclusive and equitable work environment where every
individual is treated with dignity and respect. The Company strictly adheres to a non-discrimination policy, ensuring that
all employees are valued for their skills, contributions, and potential—regardless of factors such as gender, race, religion,
or nationality.
Wages: We recognize the importance of fair and equitable compensation for our employees. Our wage practices are
informed by thorough market studies and are designed to comply with all relevant statutory regulations. By ensuring that
our employees receive wages that are commensurate with industry standards and legal requirements, we uphold our
commitment to providing fair and just compensation for their hard work and dedication.
11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the
assessments at Question 9 above.
Throughout FY 2024–25, Tata Motors diligently monitored its operations and identified no significant risks or concerns.
However, as part of our commitment to responsible corporate practices, we continue to maintain a vigilant approach
through ongoing monitoring and auditing of our processes.
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of a business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances / complaints.
The Company is of the belief that it has upheld the basic principles of human rights in all its dealings. The Company regularly
creates awareness among its employees on the Tata Code of Conduct through various training programmes educating
them on the Tata Code of Conduct, Prevention of Sexual Harassment and Diversity and Inclusion.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
223 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
2. Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due-diligence conducted.
The Company recognizes the upholding of human rights as an integral aspect of doing business and has implemented
systems and controls to ensure the protection of human rights. The company strictly prohibits the engagement of child
labor, and our controls ensure that individuals below 18 years of age cannot be onboarded onto the Manpower system. We
maintain stringent gate control measures to prevent individuals below 18 years of age from being issued gate passes.
Furthermore, the Company does not engage in forced labor practices. Salaries of all employees are deposited directly into
their bank accounts, and no instances of forced labor have been observed.
The Company has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at workplace and has adopted a Policy on Prevention, Prohibition
and Redressal of Sexual Harassment at workplace in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and Rules framed thereunder. Internal Complaints Committee
(‘ICC’) is in place for all works and offices of the Company to redress complaints received regarding sexual harassment.
3. Is the premise / office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of
Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?
In an era where inclusivity is not just a buzzword but a fundamental aspect of societal progress, ensuring accessibility for
differently abled individuals within office premises has become a crucial endeavor. The Rights of Persons with Disabilities
(RPWD) Act of 2016 in India serves as a guiding light, mandating measures to ensure equal opportunities and access for
people with disabilities. As we strive to adhere to these regulations, they are presented with various strategies to enhance
premise and office accessibility, especially in locations that pose unique challenges.
Understanding the Landscape: Tata Motors is based out of from diverse locations, ranging from modern commercial
spaces to heritage buildings with historical significance. Each setting presents its own set of challenges and opportunities in
terms of accessibility. While some commercial locations may already boast inclusive premises due to modern construction
norms or proactive measures, older buildings may require significant retrofitting to meet accessibility standards.
Assessing the Need: To embark on the journey of creating inclusive premises, we are kick starting comprehensive
accessibility audits. These audits serve as invaluable tools in identifying barriers to accessibility and prioritizing areas for
improvement. By mapping out the current state of accessibility, we are developing a clear roadmap for action, ensuring
that resources are allocated effectively and efficiently.
Implementing Solutions: Once the audit process is complete, we can begin implementing measures to enhance accessibility.
These measures may include:
a. Physical Modifications: Retrofitting entrances with ramps, widening doorways, installing handrails, and ensuring
accessible restroom facilities are just a few examples of physical modifications that can greatly improve accessibility
for differently abled individuals.
b. Technological Solutions: We would also leverage technology can also play a significant role in enhancing accessibility.
From automated doors and elevators to assistive devices such as screen readers and braille displays, technology can
bridge gaps and empower individuals with disabilities to navigate office spaces more independently.
c. Training and Sensitization: It’s not just about physical infrastructure; fostering a culture of inclusivity within the
organization is equally important. Providing training and sensitization sessions for employees promotes awareness and
understanding of the challenges faced by differently abled individuals, fostering a more inclusive work environment.
d. Collaboration and Partnerships: We are also leveraging collaborations and partnerships with disability rights
organizations, accessibility experts, and government agencies to gain insights and support in their journey towards
creating inclusive premises.
Embracing Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI): Ultimately, the pursuit of accessibility within office premises is deeply
intertwined with broader efforts towards diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI). By prioritizing accessibility, we not only
fulfil legal obligations but also demonstrate a commitment to creating environments where every individual, regardless of
ability, can thrive and contribute meaningfully.
80th Integrated Annual Report
224
2024-25

Principle 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
Essential Indicators
1. Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity:
Parameter FY 25 FY 24
From renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A) (in GJ) 5,32,976 3,72,058*
Total fuel consumption (B) 0 0
Energy consumption through other sources (C) 0 0
Total energy consumed from renewable source (A+B+C) 5,32,976 3,72,058*
From non-renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (D) (in GJ) 6,50,710 8,66,904*
Total fuel consumption (E) (in GJ) 6,03,551 6,81,508*
Energy consumption through other sources (F) 0 0
Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources (D+E+F) (in GJ) 12,54,262 15,48,412*
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F) (in GJ) 17,87,238 19,20,470*
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (GJ/ ₹) 0.000002627 0.00000267*
(Total energy consumption/ Revenue from operations)
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)** (GJ/ $) 0.00005428 0.00005459*
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
Energy intensity in terms of physical output (GJ/vehicle produced) 4.72 4.80*
Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an Yes, KPMG Assurance and Consulting
external agency? If yes, name of the external agency. Services LLP has provided reasonable
assurance on data reported under
this indicator.
*The numbers for FY 24 have been restated due to reclassification of green attribute ownership for renewable electricity and enhanced coverage
of fuel consumption points.
**The intensity adjusted for PPP has been restated following the guidelines set forth in SEBI’s circular dated December 20, 2024, which outlines
Industry Standards Forum guidance for BRSR Core. The PPP factor has been sourced from IMF database. https://www.imf.org/external/
datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC.
2. Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve and
Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? If Yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have been
achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken.
Not Applicable
3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water:
Parameter FY 25 FY 24
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water 1,57,280 1,69,577
(ii) Groundwater 6,67,560 5,71,963
(iii) Third party water 20,22,267 23,42,418
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water 0 0
(v) Others 0 0
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v) 28,47,107 30,83,958
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) 26,61,542 29,79,832
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Kilolitres/ ₹) 0.00000391 0.00000415
(Water consumed / Revenue from operations)
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)* (Kilolitres/ $) 0.00008084 0.00008470
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
Water intensity in terms of physical output (Kilolitres/ Vehicles Produced) 7.03 7.44
Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an Yes, KPMG Assurance and
external agency?) If yes, name of the external agency. Consulting Services LLP has
provided reasonable assurance on
data reported under this indicator.
* The intensity adjusted for PPP has been restated following the guidelines set forth in SEBI’s circular dated December 20, 2024, which outlines
Industry Standards Forum guidance for BRSR Core. The PPP factor has been sourced from IMF database. https://www.imf.org/external/
datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
225 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
4. Provide the following details related to water discharged:
FY 25 FY 24
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) To surface water
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 1,85,565 1,04,126
(TDS 478 mg/L) (TDS 602 mg/L)
(ii) To groundwater
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(iii) To seawater
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(iv) Sent to third-parties
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(v) Others
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) 1,85,565 1,04,126
Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by Yes, KPMG Assurance and Consulting
an external agency? If Yes, name of the external agency Services LLP has provided reasonable
assurance on data reported under
this indicator.
5. Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If Yes, provide details of its coverage
and implementation.
Our operations in India extend across Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Maharashtra, and Karnataka. The
management and disposal of treated effluents generated during plant operations are governed by the specific operating
consent orders issued by the respective State Pollution Control Boards, which our plants strictly follow.
In line with these consent orders, several plants have implemented tertiary treatment systems, such as Reverse Osmosis
(RO), to recycle treated effluents for reuse in processes. Others adopt a Zero Liquid Discharge (ZLD) approach by repurposing
treated effluents for secondary applications, including toilet flushing and supporting greenbelt development within the
plant and surrounding areas.
This year, we have taken additional steps to conserve freshwater and optimize its usage. In Pune and Jamshedpur, for
example, we have reduced freshwater consumption by increasing the use of treated effluents in our processes. This includes
the installation of tertiary treatment systems with RO membranes and the utilization of treated sewage wastewater for
plant process water requirements from nearby sources—such as PCMC’s treated sewage usage at the Pimpri plant and
township sewage at the Jamshedpur plant. Furthermore, efforts are underway to enhance water sustainability through
rainwater harvesting and recharge initiatives both within and around plant premises. Tata Motors is committed to achieving
a ‘Water Positive’ status by 2030 in all its operations and townships.
Aligned with these consent orders/authorizations, plants have implemented comprehensive tertiary treatment systems,
such as Reverse Osmosis, to recycle treated effluents for process reuse. Others ensure Zero Liquid Discharge by
repurposing treated effluents for secondary purposes, such as toilet flushing and/or maintaining greenbelt development
within plant premises and adjacent green areas belonging to the plants. Moving forward, our approach will embrace
a holistic perspective, encompassing all aspects of water sourcing and its efficient utilization. Our ongoing efforts are
reducing freshwater usage by increasing treated effluent recycling for our processes and other sanitation purposes. Efforts
are ongoing to increase water augmentation through rainwater harvesting and recharge both within and beyond plant
premises, as Tata Motors strives toward achieving a ‘Water Positive’ status by the year 2030.
80th Integrated Annual Report
226
2024-25

6. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity:
Parameter Unit FY 25 FY 24
NOx MT 192 160*
Sox MT 0.17 0.19*
Particulate matter (PM) MT 519 679*
Others – Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) kg as CFC- 87 95
11 Equivalent
Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance Yes, KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP has
has been carried out by an external agency? If yes, name of the provided limted assurance on data reported under
external agency this indicator.
* The numbers for FY 24 have been restated due to a change in methodology to include only the air emissions from associated stacks and using
fuel based approach for SOx emissions, and using maximum concentration levels for NOx and TPM emissions from stack monitoring reports.
7. Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) and its intensity:
Parameter Unit FY 25 FY 24
Total Scope 1 emissions # tCOe 43,754 48,736*
2
Total Scope 2 emissions ## tCO 1,31,407 1,72,409*
2
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per rupee of turnover tCO / ₹ 0.000000258 0.000000308*
2
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue from operations)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee of turnover tCO / $ 0.000005320 0.000006286*
2
adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)**
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue from operations
adjusted for PPP)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms of tCO / 0.462 0.552*
2
physical output Vehicles Produced
Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance Yes, KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP has provided
has been carried out by an external agency? If yes, name of the reasonable assurance on data reported under this indicator.
external agency.
* The numbers for FY 24 have been restated due to reclassification of green attribute ownership for renewable electricity, enhanced coverage
of fuel consumption points and extended coverage of fugitive emissions from refrigerants.
**The intensity adjusted for PPP has been restated following the guidelines set forth in SEBI’s circular dated December 20, 2024, which outlines
Industry Standards Forum guidance for BRSR Core. The PPP factor has been sourced from IMF database. https://www.imf.org/external/
datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC.
# The emission factors for calculation of Scope 1 emissions are based on 2024 UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting
Version 1.1 from DEFRA
## Scope 2 GHG emissions reported are calculated based on market-based approach. The above Scope 2 numbers are after adjustments for
International Renewable Energy Certificates(iRECs) purchased. For grid electricity the latest applicable CEA published grid emission factor has
been used.
8. Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If Yes, then provide details.
We are driving decarbonization in our operations by minimizing greenhouse gas (Scope-1 and Scope-2) emissions through
optimizing fossil fuel use in our manufacturing processes, switching from fossil fuel to electrical heating, continued energy
conservation measures and transitioning to renewable electricity. We are a signatory to Climate Group RE100 for achieving
100% renewable electricity use in operations by 2030. The total installed capacity of Rooftop Solar amounts to 55.5 MW
augmented by short term Green Power Purchase agreements and Renewable Energy Certificates.
The Company continued to add on-site Renewable Energy (solar) generation capacity in FY 2024-25:
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
227 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Plant Locations Total Roof Top PV Solar installed capacity till FY 24 in MWp
Pimpri, Pune 18.5
Chinchwad, Pune 2.4
Jamshedpur 11.5
Lucknow 6.1
Pantnagar 16
Dharwad 1
Total 55.5
Energy Conservation (ENCON) projects are implemented across all the Plants and Offices in a planned and budgeted
manner. In FY25, ENCON Projects led to a cumulative reduction of 44.1 lakh kWh of electricity and 12908 GJ of fuel, which
amounted to a reduction of 3978 tCO of greenhouse gas emissions. Some of the major ENCON projects in FY25 include:
2
• Optimization of compressed air consumption at the Foundry, resulting in significant energy savings and reduction in
CO emissions.
2
• Elimination of the Sealer Oven process in the Paint Shop, leading to substantial energy conservation.
• Implementation of Variable Refrigerant Flow (VRF) systems in the Engine Assembly and Power Train areas to enhance
energy efficiency.
• Achievement of energy savings through Foundry yield improvement initiatives, realizing an average 2% yield
improvement across various items, contributing to significant unit and energy savings.
• Eliminated sealer baking process on paint shop by implementation of wet-on-wet sealer Paint Shop to reduce
propane consumption.
• Heat Pump utilization for Paint shop Process tank heating.
• Digitization and furnace optimization in heat treatment area.
• Energy efficient HVLS fans installation at various assembly lines.
9. Provide details related to waste management by the entity:
The waste generated from our operations comprises a diverse range of both hazardous and non-hazardous materials,
along with scrap material. Our waste management practices are governed by the Hazardous Waste Authorization issued
by the respective State Pollution Control Boards where we operate. Continuously, our operations drive initiatives aimed
at eliminating, minimizing, and recycling waste in accordance with legal regulations and available opportunities. These
initiatives encompass various activities, including material recovery through authorized recyclers for items such as used
oil, solvents, paint sludge, and used foundry sand (reclaimed and reused). Additionally, we engage in co-processing
hazardous waste as alternate fuel and raw material, including paint sludge, phosphate sludge, ETP sludge grinding waste,
oily rags, and composting of food waste. Furthermore, we ensure the recycling of metal and non-metal scrap through
authorized recyclers.
Furthermore, we are committed to achieving Zero Waste to Landfill across our operations by the end of the decade. We
are carrying this message across our value chain to our supply chain and channel partners.
FY 25 FY 24
Total waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A) 1,994 1,959$
E-waste (B) 137 76
Bio-medical waste (C) 2.8 1.98
Construction and demolition waste (D) 6,244 3,180
Battery waste (E) 202 233
Radioactive waste (F) Nil Nil
Other hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) 3,934 4,009
Other non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any. (Break-up by composition 90,087* 81,488$
i.e. by materials relevant to the sector)
Total (A+B + C + D + E + F + G + H) 1,02,601 90,947
80th Integrated Annual Report
228
2024-25

FY 25 FY 24
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (MT/₹) 0.000000151 0.000000127
(Total waste generated / Revenue from operations)
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (MT/$)** 0.000003116 0.000002585
(Total waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
Waste intensity in terms of physical output (MT/Vehicles Produced) 0.271 0.227
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations (in metric
tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Recycled 73,673*** 53,728***
(ii) Re-used 0 0
(iii) Other recovery operations 4,696 5,250
Total 78,369 58,978
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Incineration 40 41
(ii) Landfilling 24,133 31,527
(iii) Other disposal operations 59 401
Total 24,232 31,969
Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by Yes, KPMG Assurance and Consulting
an external agency? If Yes, name of the external agency. Services LLP has provided reasonable
assurance on data reported under
this indicator.
* Non-hazardous waste disposed in lots have been converted into Metric tonnes using an average conversion factor from the generated value in
FY 25 due to an improvement in tracking processes leading to a marginal increase in the waste footprint reported.
* *The intensity adjusted for PPP has been restated following the guidelines set forth in SEBI’s circular dated December 20, 2024, which outlines
Industry Standards Forum guidance for BRSR Core. The PPP factor has been sourced from IMF database. https://www.imf.org/external/
datamapper/PPPEX@WEO/OEMDC.
*** Includes non-hazardous ferrous and non-ferrous metal and other scrap like packaging waste, plastic, rubber, glass and auto components that
were sold to scrap dealers and not to the primary recyclers. Recycling data has been certified through declarations by scrap dealers who in turn
sell to end-users who are secondary metallurgical industries or recyclers that convert scrap into other products.
$ Does not include non-hazardous waste, plastic waste and scrap disposal that were recorded in lots or numbers.
10. Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted by
your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices
adopted to manage such wastes.
The waste generated from our operations is categorized into hazardous and non-hazardous, as well as recyclable and non-
recyclable types. Our waste management practices are governed by the Consent Orders and hazardous waste authorizations
provided by the respective State Pollution Control Boards in the areas where we operate. We are committed to promoting
cleaner production, waste minimization, and pollution prevention initiatives. Additionally, we focus on the principles of the
circular economy, including reuse and recycling, while ensuring full compliance with all relevant legal requirements.
We have also looked at innovative ways of reducing the moisture content of the ETP sludge through the installation of
sludge drying bed. The drying process takes place in an enclosed shed, where the floor bed is heated by circulating hot
water heated through Concentrated Solar Thermal to effectively remove moisture from the sludge. It is estimated that
around 30% of the ETP sludge disposal quantity will be reduced through the effective drying process.
We are committed to reducing the use of hazardous and toxic chemicals in our manufacturing processes. This is achieved
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
229 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
through design improvements and the thoughtful selection of manufacturing technologies and raw materials. We are
actively evaluating the environmental impact of our vehicles and identifying opportunities to enhance material circularity.
Additionally, initiatives have been introduced to assess the emission rates of Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) from our
painting operations, with the aim of improving our overall sustainability and environmental performance.
In terms of products, conscious efforts are made to eliminate the use of hazardous and toxic chemicals at the product
design stage. These efforts are driven by well-defined standards, processes, and systems, such as:
• Implementation of projects to eliminate paints from polymeric parts.
• Restriction on the use of Persistent Organic Pollutants (POPs) as per the BRS Convention, covering 15 banned
industrial POPs (with 2 more under discussion), by releasing internal standards to follow during the design stage and
communicating these requirements to the supplier at the stage of the request for quotation. We are continuously
monitoring the POPs listed under the BRS Convention and working with our suppliers to identify alternative chemicals
as well as eliminate new POPs from our supply chain according to the timeline. To track the presence of POPs or any
other hazardous materials, we have developed an in-house IT system to identify these chemicals. This enables us to
provide inputs to the Ministry and SIAM and play a leadership role in creating awareness within the auto industry
about best practices.
• Proactive compliance with the AIS-129 standard (which is not yet enforced) to restrict the use of four heavy metals
(Lead, Mercury, Cadmium, and Hexavalent Chromium) in vehicles above threshold limits.
• Eliminating flame retardants like TDCIPP, TCIP, and TCEP in vehicle seat foam as per NGT order, which addresses the
adverse impacts of these chemicals on human health.
• Development of an internal standard for material identification marking for plastic components weighing more than
100g and elastomer components weighing more than 200g. This helps enhance the recyclability of these components
at the end-of-life phase.
We are continuously exploring new approaches to monitor and improve our sustainability and environmental performance.
Initiatives have been implemented to eliminate paints from polymeric parts, phase out hazardous materials and Persistent
Organic Pollutants (POPs), introduce sustainable materials to enable energy savings in manufacturing processes, and
explore new strategies to improve our sustainability and environmental performance.
11. If the entity has operations / offices in / around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife sanctuaries,
biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where environmental
approvals / clearances are required, please specify details:
None of our Operations are located near notified ecologically sensitive areas.
12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the
current financial year:
Whether conducted by
Name and brief details Results communicated
EIA Notification No. Date independent external Relevant web link
of project in public domain
agency
Proposed Under Project EC was issued Project Feasibility The EC details https://www.
Construction of Category “B” and dated 11th January Study along with was notified in tatamotors.com/
Industrial Buildings Schedule S.No. 2025 by the State Environment Dinakaran Tamil wp-content/
(Manufacturing 8(a) ‘Building Environment Management Plan daily and The themes/
& Assembly of & Construction Impact Assessment was prepared by Hindu English daily TataMotors/pdf/EC-
Passenger Vehicles) Project’–Issue of Authority (SEIAA), internal team of newspaper on 7th Approval-for-TML-
at Plot No. 1A Environmental Tamil Nadu) Tata Motors as this February 2025. TN-310125.pdf
and 1B, SIPCOT Clearance as per is Category – B EIA
Industrial Park, the EIA Notification Project.
Panapakkam, Nemili 2006-as amended
Taluk, Ranipet
District, Tamil Nadu
by M/s. Tata Motors
Ltd.
80th Integrated Annual Report
230
2024-25

13. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law / regulations / guidelines in India; such as the Water
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, and Environment protection act
and rules thereunder. If not, provide details of all such non-compliances:
All TML entities fully comply with the applicable environmental laws, regulations, and guidelines set forth by regulatory
authorities. No significant instances of non-compliance have been reported across any of our plants.
Leadership Indicators
1. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres). For each facility / plant located in
areas of water stress, provide the following information:
I. Name of the area: The water stress areas have been identified based on the 2024 National Compilation on Dynamic
Ground Water Resources of India Report by the Central Ground Water Board. According to this report, only the
Jamshedpur plant location has been classified as ‘Over-Exploited’, while all other plant locations are classified as
‘Safe’. No groundwater abstraction is being carried out to meet the industrial and residential water requirements
in Jamshedpur.
II. Nature of operations : Automobile Manufacturing
III. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format:
Parameter FY 25 FY 24
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water 64,514 68,344
(ii) Groundwater 0 0
(iii) Third party water 8,41,357 10,12,610
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water 0 0
(v) Others 0 0
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) 9,05,871 10,80,954
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) 7,20,306 9,76,828
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (water consumed / turnover) 0.00000106 0.00000136
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) Into surface water
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 1,85,565 1,04,126
(TDS 478 mg/L) (TDS 602 mg/L)
(ii) Into groundwater
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please
Specify level of treatment 0 0
(iii) Into seawater
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(iv) Sent to third-parties
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
(v) Others
- No treatment 0 0
- With treatment – please specify level of treatment 0 0
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) 1,85,565 1,04,126
Indicate if any independent assessment / evaluation / assurance has been carried out by an Yes, KPMG Assurance and Consulting
external agency? If Yes, name of the external agency. Services LLP has provided limited
assurance on data reported under this
indicator.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
231 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
2. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions and its intensity:
Parameter Unit FY 25 FY 24
Category 1 : Purchased goods and services1 tCOe 52,28,249 61,09,148*
2
Category 3 : Fuel- and energy-related activities tCO 40,853 50,134
2
Category 5 : Waste generated in operations tCOe 5,201 4,669
2
Category 6 : Business travel tCO 6,755 7,006
2
Category 7 : Employee commuting2 tCOe 8,777 8,950
2
Category 8 : Upstream leased assets3 tCO 1,074 1,490
2
Category 11 : Use of sold products tCO 13,95,71,557 15,86,21,101
2
Category 14 : Franchises4 tCO 82,335 82,854
2
Total Scope 3 emissions tCO 14,49,44,801 16,48,85,353*
2
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnover tCO /₹ 0.00021 0.00023
2
Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has Yes, KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP has
been carried out by an external agency? If yes, name of the external provided limited assurance on data reported under this
agency. indicator.
1 Spend based method
2 This includes coverage of only the employee commute though company buses contracted by third parties at each plant location.
3 The leased assets are shared offices by TML CV business, TMPV and TPEM. The utility expenses are shared between the entities.
4 The calculation methodology involves data collected on Scope 1 and Scope 2 data from 342 dealer partners and extrapolation of the average
emissions for each outlet category across total Commercial vehicle network.
* Category 1 numbers for FY24 have been restated due to change in methodology to apply the latest available emission factor database and
adjustment of spent on products and services for PPP and inflation.
3. With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 10 of Essential Indicators above, provide
details of significant direct and indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and
remediation activities.
Not Applicable
4. If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource
efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions / effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide details of the same
as well as outcome of such initiatives:
Details of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may be provided along-
Initiative undertaken Outcome of the initiative
with summary)
Biodegradable Waste Management Installation of automated organic waste composter at The generated bio-compost is being
Jamshedpur plant to convert food waste to compost. used for green belt development.
Foundry Waste Sand Management Recycling of Used Sand for manufacturing of cores in Maval Reduction in Virgin Sand
Plant. Consumption.
Tertiary Treatment of Wastewater At the Pune-Pimpri Plant, wastewater generated from the At both the Pune and Jamshedpur
at Pune and Jamshedpur Township process, along with treated sewage from PCMC, is treated plants, approximately 1 MLD of
together using membrane-based technology for tertiary freshwater at each facility will be
treatment. The treated wastewater from this process is replaced with treated sewage.
then utilized to meet both the plant’s total process and This initiative will help both plants
non-potable water requirements. progress toward achieving water
neutrality.
At the Jamshedpur Plant, the township’s sewage,
amounting to approximately 1.6 MLD, is treated by a newly
constructed decentralized STP employing Sequencing
Batch Reactors (SBR) technology, followed by membrane-
based tertiary treatment.
80th Integrated Annual Report
232
2024-25

Principle 7: Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner
that is responsible and transparent
Essential Indicators
1 a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers / associations: 9
b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers / associations (determined based on the total members of such body)
the entity is a member of / affiliated to:
Sr. Reach of trade and industry chambers/
Name of the trade and industry chambers/ associations
No. associations
1 Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers National
2 Confederation of Indian Industry National
3 FICCI National
4 Indian Merchant Chambers National
5 Indo American Chamber of Commerce National
6 Bombay Chamber of Commerce State
7 Bangalore Chamber of Industry and Commerce State
8 Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce, Industries & Agriculture State
9 SIDCUL Entrepreneur Welfare Society State
2. Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anticompetitive conduct by the entity,
based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
Name of authority Brief of the case Corrective action taken
Nil
Note: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) had passed an order in year 2011 which has been challenged and is
pending for hearing. Another order passed in 2023 has been decided in favour of TML but has been challenged before the
National Company Law Appellate Tribunal by the complainant. Details as under:
Case title: PV Auto parts case (Complaint filed by Mr. Shamsher Kataria): In the year 2011, CCI initiated the enquiry and
investigation against car manufacturers in India (including TML). Finally, CCI vide its order dated 25.08.2014 held the car
manufacturers of having indulged in anti-competitive practices. CCI, among other directives, imposed a penalty on TML
amounting to ₹1,346.46 crores. TML, along with a majority of car manufacturers, challenged the order of CCI and presently
there is a stay on CCI’s order. Now the matter shall be listed in due course before Supreme Court for further proceedings.
Case title: CV Abuse of dominance case (Complaint filed by Mrs. Neha Gupta and Mr. Nishant Bhutada): In the year 2021,
CCI ordered its Director General (“DG”) to conduct an investigation on the complaint against TML, TMFL and TCFSL for
concerting together to form a cartel, abusing their dominance in the vehicle market and causing irreparable financial losses
to its dealers. TMFL and TCFSL were dropped by CCI from the investigation. The DG submitted the report with CCI prima
facie holding TML guilty of imposing territorial restrictions on its dealers from selling the vehicles. TML filed its objections
to the DG’s report and, finally the CCI vide its order dated 23.08.2023 decided the matter is favour of TML thereby setting
aside the DG’s report and the complaints filed by both the informants. The CCI held that while TML is a dominant player in
commercial vehicles market, there is no case made out against it either under the provisions of Section 3 (anti-competitive
practices) or Section 4 (abuse of dominance) of the Act.
Mrs. Neha Gupta has filed an appeal before the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (“NCLAT”) against the above
Order of CCI and the same is pending for further proceedings.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
233 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Principle 8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
Essential Indicators
1. Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current
financial year.
Whether conducted by
Name and brief details Results communicated
SIA Notification No Date of notification independent external Relevant Web link
of project in public domain
agency
Not Applicable
2. Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken by
your entity.
Name of Project for No. of Project Affected % of PAFs covered by Amounts paid to PAFs
State District
which R&R is ongoing Families (PAFs) R&R in the FY (In INR)
Not Applicable
3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.
The Company’s CSR department has a community feedback mechanism across all its CSR projects. Any aggrieved individual/
groups can express their grievances through this annual exercise or on as and when required basis.
4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
FY 25(%) FY 24 (%)
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers 18.6 15.9
Directly from within India 99.5 99.2
5. Job creation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed on
a permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost.
Location FY 25(%) FY 24 (%)
Rural 0.0 0.0
Semi-urban 0.0 0.0
Urban 35.0 39.4
Metropolitan 65.0 60.6
Leadership Indicators
1. Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact Assessments
(Reference: question 1 of Essential Indicators above).
Not Applicable
2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts as
identified by government bodies.
State Aspirational District Amount spent (In INR)
Gujarat Dahod, Narmada 77,424
Jharkhand Garhwa, Chatra, Giridih, Godda, Sahibganj, Pakur,Bokaro, Lohardaga, 8,32,04,881
Purbi Singhbhum, Palamu, Latehar, Hazaribagh, Ramgarh, Dumka,
Ranchi, Khunti, Gumla, Simdega, Pashchimi Singhbhum
Karnataka Raichur, Yadgir 48,390
Maharashtra Nandurbar, Washim, Gadchiroli, Osmanabad 1,93,560
Uttar Pradesh Balrampur, Bahraich, Chandauli, Chitrakoot, Fatehpur, Shrawasti, 1,42,08,940
Sidtharthnagar, Sonebhadra
Uttarakhand Haridwar, Udham singh nagar 1,00,96,780
Andaman and Nicobar Andaman 72,585
Andhra Pradesh Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam, Y.S.R. Kadapa 80,650
Arunachal Pradesh Namsai 24,195
80th Integrated Annual Report
234
2024-25

State Aspirational District Amount spent (In INR)
Assam Goalpara, Barpeta, Hailakandi, Baksa, Darrang, Udalguri, Dhubri 3,38,730
Bihar Sitamarhi, Araria, Purnia, Katihar, Muzaffarpur, Begusarai, Khagaria, 6,29,070
Banka, Sheikhpura, Aurangabad, Gaya, Nawada, Jamui
Chattisgarh Korba, Bastar, Kondagaon, Mahasamund, Rajnandgaon, Sukma, 5,64,550
Dantewada, Bijapur, Narayanpur, Kanker
J&K Kupwara, Baramulla 96,780
Kerala Wayanad 32,260
Lakshadweep Lakshadweep 9,678
Madhya Pradesh Barwani, Chhatarpur, Damoh, Guna, Khandwa, Rajgarh, Singrauli, Vidisha 4,51,640
Manipur Chandel 32,260
Meghalaya Ribhoi 32,260
Odisha Dhenkanal, Gajapati, Koraput, Malkangiri, Narrangpur, Nupada, 5,64,550
Rayagada, Balangir, Kalahandi, Kandhamal
Punjab Moga, Firozpur 64,520
Rajasthan Dholpur, Karauli, Jaisalmer, Sirohi, Baran 3,22,600
Sikkim West Sikkim 24,195
Telangana Asifabad, Bhoopalapally, Bhadradri-Kothagudem 96,780
Himachal Pradesh Chamba 32,260
Tripura Dhalai 25,808
3 a. Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising
marginalized / vulnerable groups?
Tata Motors’ Affirmative Action Policy clearly speaks about its commitment towards Social equity and further its
commitment to enable the people from socially and marginalized communities, especially Scheduled Castes and
Scheduled Tribes, by assisting them for employment opportunities and as business associates, with merit, cost and
quality being equal.
b. From which marginalized / vulnerable groups do you procure?
The Company procures materials and services from the people from socially and marginalized communities, especially
Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and women.
c. What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?
`90.3 crore worth of business was awarded to Affirmative Action suppliers during FY 2024-25 (0.21% of total
procurement spent). In addition, as a practice preference is given to firms promoted by members of the marginalized
societies, the monetary value of which is not included here.
4. Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in the
current financial year), based on traditional knowledege.
None.
5. Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes
wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved.
None.
6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:
% of beneficiaries from vulnerable and
CSR Project No. of persons benefitted from CSR Projects
marginalized groups
Education 1,46,210 100
Employability 32,523 100
Environment 1,63,696 100
Health 6,40,301 100
Rural Development 3,54,334 100
Total 13,37,064 100
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
235 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Principle 9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.
Our customers can raise their complaints or give feedback through multiple channels, such as: call center 24x7 toll free
number, website, social media, email, letter or by directly reaching out to Channel partners (Showrooms & Workshops).
All complaints raised have a defined Turn Around Time (TAT) & escalation matrix. Call center executives reach out to
customers to ensure the timely and satisfactory closure of complaints registered through any touchpoints.
2. Turnover of products and / services as a percentage of turnover from all products / service that carry information about:
As a percentage to total turnover (%)
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product 100
Safe and responsible usage 100
Recycling and / or safe disposal 100
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
FY 25 FY 24
Pending Pending
Received during Received during
resolution at end Remarks resolution at end Remarks
the year the year
of year of year
Data privacy Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Advertising Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Cyber-security Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Delivery of essential services Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Restrictive trade practice Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Unfair trade practices Nil Nil NA Nil Nil NA
Other 3 0 All complaints 1 0 All complaints
have been have been
resolved resolved
4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
Number Reasons for recall
Voluntary recalls 0 NA
Forced recalls 0 NA
5. Does the entity have a framework / policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes / No) If available,
provide a web-link of the policy.
Yes, Tata Motors has a privacy policy and procedures which meet the industry standards for cyber security and data
privacy. As a reputable global enterprise undergoing radical transformation, Tata Motors prioritizes safeguarding
information assets, ensuring privacy and reducing human risk through technological advancements. With awareness of the
constant cyber-crime threat, efforts are directed towards minimizing information security risks while enhancing customer
experiences and shareholder value. The Business Continuity Plan and Incident Response Procedure are documented and in
place, supplemented by biannual DR drills for effectiveness assessment.
As an ISO-27001 certified company, we have 28 Information Security Management System (ISMS) policies subject to annual
review and audit, supported by the iProtect awareness campaign for employees. Customer privacy is paramount, and the
Company is already working with external experts to further improve our existing policies and frameworks in light of Indian
DPDP Act and learnings from EU’s GDPR principles. Our privacy policy can be accessed at https://www.tatamotors.com/
wp-content/uploads/2023/10/privacy-policy.pdf
80th Integrated Annual Report
236
2024-25

Cyber Security Governance
Cybersecurity governance includes a board member overseeing the cybersecurity strategy, and the executive management
team, including the CISO, CDIO, CTO, and CSO, are accountable for managing cybersecurity. The Risk Management
Committee (RMC), along with the Technical Committee led by the Group CFO, includes senior leadership from Tata Motors
and its IT team to manage related issues. In addition to that, the Risk Management Committee (RMC) of Tata Motors tracks
all recent happenings related to cybersecurity risks on an ongoing and periodical basis.
6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential
services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action
taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.
No case reported till date.
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
a. Number of instances of data breaches : Nil
b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers : Nil
c. Impact, if any, of the data breaches : NA
Leadership Indicators
1. Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web link, if
available).
Details on products and services of the company can be accessed on the company’s website, social media handles, mobile
apps like E-Dukaan, FleetEdge, E-Bandhu and by connecting with Customer service on 1800 209 7979 and also the following
web links.
https://trucks.tatamotors.com/
https://www.tatamotors.com/about-us/
https://edukaan.home.tatamotors/#/
https://fleetedge.home.tatamotors/login
2. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption / discontinuation of essential services.
Not Applicable
3. Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? If yes,
provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major
products / services of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole?
The Owner’s Manual document for all products contains important product information, instructions for safe and fuel
efficient use of vehicles and customer support details. The Company has developed online resources for Channel Partners
(Dealers, Distributors, TASS’s, and Retailers etc.) and Key Account Customers to have access to Online Electronic Parts
Catalogues to easily identify required spare parts.
Customer Centricity has been intrinsic to our culture. The Company continuously strived to provide the best services to
enhance our customer engagement. Regular customer satisfaction surveys are conducted to assess customer satisfaction
levels, post sales and post service. Customer service quality is met through integration of our Customer Relationship
Management and Dealer Management System (‘CRM – DMS’).
Note: To ensure transparency and comprehensiveness in our sustainability reporting to stakeholders, we have prepared a
separate BRSR report. This report additionally includes details of Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited and Tata Passenger
Electric Mobility Limited. It can be accessed through the following link: https://www.tatamotors.com/annual-reports/.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
237 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Independent Practitioners’ Reasonable Assurance Report
To the Directors of Tata Motors Limited
Assurance report on the sustainability disclosures in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting (BRSR)
Core Format
Assurance report on the sustainability disclosures in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting (BRSR) Core
Format1 (called ‘Identified Sustainability Information’ (ISI) of Tata Motors Limited (the ‘Company’). The ISI is included in the
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting of the Company for the period from 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025.
Opinion
We have performed a reasonable assurance engagement on whether the Company’s sustainability disclosures in the BRSR Core
Format (refer to Annexure 1) for the period from 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025 have been prepared in accordance with the
reporting criteria (refer table below).
Identified Sustainability
Period subject to Reference Section in the
Information (ISI) subject to Reporting criteria
assurance Integrated Annual Report
assurance
BRSR Core From 1 April “Business Responsibility and - R egulation 34(2)(f) of the Securities and Exchange
(refer Annexure 1) 2024 to 31 Sustainability Report” section Board of India (SEBI) Listing Obligations and Disclosure
March 2025 of Integrated Annual Report Requirements (SEBI LODR)
- G uidance notes for BRSR format issued by SEBI
- W orld Resource Institute (WRI) / World Business Council
for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas
(GHG) Protocol (A Corporate Accounting and Reporting
Standards)
This engagement was conducted by a multidisciplinary for Professional Accountants (including International
team including assurance practitioners, engineers and, Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics
environmental and social professionals. Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA).
In our opinion, the Company’s Identified Sustainability Our firm applies International Standard on Quality
Information in “Business Responsibility and Sustainability Management (ISQM) 1, Quality Management for Firms that
Report” section of the Integrated Annual Report for the Perform Audits or Reviews of Financial Statements, or Other
period 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025, is prepared, in all Assurance or Related Services Engagements, issued by the
material respects, in accordance with the Regulation 34(2)(f) IAASB. This standard requires the firm to design, implement
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) Listing and operate a system of quality management, including
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements (SEBI LODR) and policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical
basis of preparation set out in Section A: General Disclosures requirements, professional standards and applicable legal
13 of “Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report” of and regulatory requirements.
Integrated Annual Report.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our engagement in accordance with Other information
International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE)
Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for
3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits
the other information. We have performed a limited assurance
or Reviews of Historical Financial Information issued by
engagement on select BRSR and select GRI indicators and
the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board
issued an independent assurance report on 14 May 2025.
(IAASB). Our responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the “Our responsibilities” section of Our reasonable assurance opinion and limited assurance
our report. conclusion on the ISI do not extend to other information that
accompanies or contains the ‘ISI and our assurance reports’
We have complied with the independence and other
(hereafter referred to as “other information”).
ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics
1 Notified by SEBI vide circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-SEC-2/P/CIR/2023/122 dated 12 July 2023
80th Integrated Annual Report
238
2024-25

The other information comprises the information included targets, goals and performance measures;
in the Company’s Integrated Annual Report (but does not
• responsible for providing the details of the management
include the BRSR Core, select BRSR and GRI indicators and
personnel who takes ownership of the ISI disclosed in
assurance reports thereon). The Company’s Integrated
the report;
Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after
the date of this assurance report. • ensuring compliance with law, regulation or
applicable contracts;
In connection with our assurance on the BRSR Core attributes,
our responsibility is to read the other information identified • making judgements and estimates that are reasonable in
above when it becomes available, and in doing so, consider the circumstances;
whether other information is materially inconsistent with the
• identifying and describing any inherent limitations in the
BRSR Core, or our knowledge obtained in the assurance, or
measurement or evaluation of information covered by
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
assurance in accordance with the reporting criteria;
When we read the annual report, if we conclude that there
• preventing and detecting fraud;
is a material misstatement therein, we are required to
communicate the matter to Those Charged With Governance • selecting the content of the ISI, including identifying
and describe actions applicable under the applicable laws and engaging with intended users to understand their
and regulations. information needs;
• informing us of other information that will be included
Intended use or purpose
with the ISI;
The ISI and our reasonable assurance report are intended
• supervision of other staff involved in the preparation of
for users who have reasonable knowledge of the BRSR Core
the ISI.
attributes, the reporting criteria and ISI and who have read
the information in the ISI with reasonable diligence and Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing
understand that the ISI is prepared and assured at appropriate the reporting process for the Company’s ISI.
levels of materiality.
Inherent limitations
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
The preparation of the Company’s BRSR information requires
Management’s responsibilities for the the management to establish or interpret the criteria, make
identified Sustainability Information (ISI) determinations about the relevancy of information to be
included, and make estimates and assumptions that affect
The management of the Company acknowledge and
the reported information.
understand their responsibility for:
Measurement of certain amounts and BRSR Core metrics,
• designing, implementing and maintaining internal
some of which are estimates, is subject to substantial inherent
controls relevant to the preparation of the ISI that is
measurement uncertainty, for example, GHG emissions,
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
water footprint, energy footprint. Obtaining sufficient
or error;
appropriate evidence to support our opinion does not reduce
• selecting or establishing suitable criteria for preparing the the uncertainty in the amounts and metrics.
ISI, taking into account applicable laws and regulations,
if any, related to reporting on the ISI, identification of Our responsibilities
key aspects, engagement with stakeholders, content, We are responsible for:
preparation and presentation of the ISI in accordance
• Planning and performing the engagement to obtain
with the reporting criteria; disclosure of the applicable
reasonable assurance on the sustainability disclosures
criteria used for preparation of the ISI in the relevant
in the BRSR Core are free from material misstatement,
report/statement;
whether due to fraud or error, in accordance with the
• preparing/fairly stating/properly calculating the ISI in Reporting Criteria in line with the section above.
accordance with the reporting criteria; and
• Forming an independent opinion, based on the
• ensuring the reporting criteria is available for the procedures we have performed and the evidence we
intended users with relevant explanation; have obtained, and
• establishing targets, goals and other performance • Reporting our reasonable assurance opinion to the
measures, and implementing actions to achieve such Directors of Tata Motors Limited.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
239 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)
Summary of the work we performed as the basis for Exclusions
our opinion
Our assurance scope excludes the following and therefore we
We exercised professional judgment and maintained do not express an opinion on the same:
professional skepticism throughout the engagement. We
designed and performed our procedures to obtain evidence • Any form of review of the commercial merits, technical
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our feasibility, accuracy, compliance with applicable
reasonable assurance opinion. legislation for the project. We are also not required
to verify any of the judgements and commercial risks
The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected associated with the project, nor comment upon the
depended on our judgement, including an assessment of the possibility of the financial projections being achieved.
risks of material misstatement of the information covered
by reasonable assurance, whether due to fraud or error. We • The Company’s statements that describe the strategy,
identified and assessed the risks of material misstatement progress on goals (other than those listed under the
through understanding the Information covered by scope of assurance), expression of opinion, claims, belief,
reasonable assurance and the engagement circumstances. aspiration, expectation, aim to future intention provided
We also obtained an understanding of the internal control by the Company, and assertions related to Intellectual
relevant to the information covered by reasonable assurance Property Rights and other competitive issues.
in order to design procedures that are appropriate in the
• The statements that describe expression of opinion,
circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an
belief, aspiration, expectation, aim, or future intentions
opinion on the effectiveness of internal controls. In carrying
provided by the Company.
out our engagement, we:
• Operations of the Company other than those mentioned
• assessed the suitability of the criteria used by the
in the “Scope of Assurance”.
Company in preparing the information covered by
reasonable assurance; • Aspects of the BRSR and the data/information
(qualitative or quantitative) other than the ISI.
• evaluated the appropriateness of reporting policies,
quantification methods and models used in the • Data and information outside the defined reporting
preparation of the information covered by reasonable period i.e., from 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025.
assurance and the reasonableness of estimates made by
the Company; and
• evaluated the overall presentation of the information Shivananda Shetty
Partner
covered by reasonable assurance.
KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP
Date: 14 May 2025
Place: Gurugram
80th Integrated Annual Report
240
2024-25

Annexure – 1
BRSR Core attributes
BRSR Indicator Type of Assurance
P1 E8- Number of days of accounts payable Reasonable
P1 E9-Concentration of purchases & sales done with trading houses, dealers, and related parties Loans and advances Reasonable
& investments with related parties
P3 E1c- Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers – cost incurred as a % of total revenue Reasonable
of the company
P3 E11- Details of safety related incidents including lost time injury frequency rate, high consequence work-related Reasonable
injury or ill-health (excluding fatalities), no. of fatalities
P5 E3b- Gross wages paid to females as % of wages paid Reasonable
P5 E7- Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Reasonable
Act, 2013, including complaints reported, complaints as a % of female employees, and complaints upheld
P6 E1- Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) Reasonable
P6 E1- Details of total energy intensity Reasonable
P6 E3- Provide details of water withdrawal by source and water consumption Reasonable
P6 E3- Water consumption intensity Reasonable
P6 E4- Provide details of water discharged Reasonable
P6 E7- Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1) Reasonable
P6 E7- Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 2) Reasonable
P6 E7 - Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) intensity Reasonable
P6 E9- Provide details related to waste generated by category of waste Reasonable
P6 E9- Waste intensity Reasonable
P6 E9- Provide details related to waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations Reasonable
P6 E9- Provide details related to waste disposed by nature of disposal method Reasonable
P8 E4- Input material sourced from following sources as % of total purchases – Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small Reasonable
producers and from within India
P8 E5- Job creation in smaller towns Reasonable
P9 E7- Instances involving loss/breach of data of customers as a percentage of total data breaches or cyber security Reasonable
events
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
241 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Management Discussion and Analysis
Economy Overview to the war in Ukraine, high energy prices, and slowdowns
in manufacturing and services. China’s growth was weaker
India than expected, with a slowdown in the real estate sector and
industrial activity. The Asia-Pacific region is projected to be
Real GDP or GDP at Constant Prices is estimated to attain
the fastest-growing.
a level of ₹178 lakh crore in FY25, against the First Revised
Estimate of GDP for the year FY24 of ₹167.50 lakh crore. The automotive industry faced significant challenges amid
these macroeconomic headwinds. High interest rates and
Annual GDP Es�mates and Growth Rates at Constant Prices 2020-2025) tighter credit conditions in key markets such as the US and
175 9.7% 167.50 178.00 10 157.60 Europe, dampened consumer demand, particularly in mass
150 135.13 147.36 6.3% 6.3% 8 market segment.
125 6.9% 6
4
100 Automotive Operations
2
75 0 Automotive operations are the Company’s most significant
50 -2 segment, which include:
25 -5.8% -4
• All activities relating to the development, design,
0 -6
2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 2024-25
• manufacture, assembly and sale of vehicles as well as
The total expenditure that the government is expected to related spare parts and accessories, and:
spend in FY26 is ₹ 50.65 lakh crore. When compared to the
• Distribution and service of vehicles;
last financial year, this has increased by 7.4%.
The automotive operation is further divided into following
Real GDP has been estimated to grow by 6.5% in FY25.
reporting segments:
Nominal GDP is expected to witness a growth rate of 9.9% in
FY25. Both the growth rates are revised upward from their • Tata and other brand vehicles – Commercial Vehicles;
respective First Advance Estimates.
• Tata and other brand vehicles – Passenger Vehicles;
India accomplished a significant milestone, with the sale of
• Jaguar Land Rover; and
one lakh electric vehicles (EVs) in FY25. According to NITI
Aayog and the Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI), India’s EV • Vehicle Financing.
finance industry is likely to reach US$50 billion (₹3.7 lakh
crore) by 2030. Vehicle Financing - Merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd.
with Tata Capital Ltd.
The Indian automotive market is expanding, driven by
The Board of Directors of Tata Motors Finance Ltd (“TMFL”),
rising income levels, urbanization and increasing consumer
a wholly-owned step down subsidiary of the Company,
purchasing power. Initiative like Production linked incentive
at its meeting held on June 4, 2024, approved (subject to
scheme are aiding several auto makers to invest in EV
the requisite regulatory and other approvals) a Scheme of
segment. The industry is focusing on reducing emissions and
Arrangement for amalgamation of the TMFL with and into
integration of advanced technologies like connectivity and
Tata Capital Ltd (“TCL”) with appointed date of April 1, 2024.
smart mobility solutions.
The Scheme has been approved by the National Company
Law Tribunal (“NCLT”), Mumbai Bench on May 1, 2025. TMFL
Global Economy
and TCL has received all other necessary regulatory approvals
In FY25, the global economy experienced moderated growth, and the scheme is effective from May 8, 2025.
influenced by persistent inflationary pressures, tight monetary
Through TMFL we were providing financing services to
policies in developed markets and geopolitical uncertainties.
purchasers of our vehicles through our independent dealers,
These factors contributed to cautious consumer spending
who act as our agents for financing transactions, and through
and disrupted global trade flows. Amid trade uncertainties,
our branch network. With the merger, vehicle financing
global growth is expected to slow to 2.3% in 2025 from 2.7%
services is with Tata Capital Ltd.
in 2024.
Tata Motors Finance Holdings Ltd (CIC) and TMF Business
The US economy has been resilient, driven by strong growth
Services Ltd (Leasing company), continues to be part of our
in the services sector, a robust labour market, and high real
operations and is being reflected as vehicle financing segment.
wages. Europe, including the UK, has faced softer growth due
80th Integrated Annual Report
242
2024-25
)erorC
hkaL
`(
secirP
tnatsnoC
ta
PDG
Annual
Growth
Rate
(%)

A. Volumes Tata and other brand vehicles
The following table sets forth our total wholesale
Overview of Automotive Operations
sales worldwide of Tata Commercial Vehicles and Tata
The total vehicle sales (excluding China joint venture) for Passenger Vehicles:
FY25 and FY24 are set forth in the table below:
FY25 FY24
FY25 FY24
Units % Units %
Units % Units %
Tata Passengers 556,367 59.1% 573,541 58.6%
Passenger cars 149,542 11.1% 234,093 17.0% Vehicles
Utility vehicles 807,723 60.2% 740,751 53.7% Tata Commercial 384,704 40.9% 405,471 41.4%
Heavy Commercial 113,406 8.5% 123,276 8.9% Vehicles
Vehicles Total 941,071 100.0% 979,012 100.0%
Intermediate and 71,620 5.3% 67,304 4.9% We sold 28,966 units outside India in FY25, as compared
Light Medium to 29,848 units, in FY24.
Commercial
Vehicles We maintained our leadership position in the
SCV and Pick Up 144,283 10.8% 166,629 12.1% Commercial Vehicle category in India, which was
characterized by increased competition during the year.
CV Passenger 55,395 4.1% 48,262 3.5%
Vehicle In the Passenger Vehicle category, we are now the third
largest automotive Company in India, based on Vahan
Total 1,341,969 100.0% 1,380,315 100.0%
market share.
We sold 941,071 units of Tata Commercial and Passenger
vehicles and 400,898 units (excluding wholesales from the The following table sets forth our market share in
China Joint Venture) of Jaguar Land Rover vehicles in FY25. various categories in the Indian market based on Vahan
Registration volumes:
Region wise Volumes (k Units)
FY25 FY24
912.1
949.2 % %
Passenger Vehicles 13.9 13.5
Heavy Goods and Motor 48.8 49.6
Vehicles (HGV+MGV)
Medium Goods Vehicles 37.5 44.2
Light Goods Vehicles 34.3 37.8
105.6
129.0 82.482.4 71.780.847.252.699.5109.8 CV Passenger Vehicles 35.0 38.4
Total Commercial Vehicles 39.1 41.7
India North UK EU China Others
America Source: Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers Report and our
internal analysis.
FY25 FY24
The following table sets forth our total domestic wholesales and retails of Tata Commercial Vehicles and Tata Passenger
Vehicles: -
Wholesale Volume (In Units) Retail Volume (In Units)
FY25 FY24 % Change FY25 FY24 % Change
Tata Commercial Vehicles 358,431 378,165 (5.2%) 361,144 376,896 (4.2%)
Tata Passenger Vehicles 553,674 570,999 (3.0%) 553,171 537,957 2.8%
Total 912,105 949,164 (3.9%) 914,315 914,853 (0.1%)
Passenger Vehicles in India
The following table sets forth the breakup of the wholesale sales in various categories.
Tata Passengers Vehicles Sales (In Units)
Category
FY25 (In Units) FY24 (In Units) % Change
Utility Vehicles 432,735 388,486 11.4%
Passenger Cars 120,939 182,513 (33.7%)
Total 553,674 570,999 (3.0%)
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
243 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Management Discussion and Analysis
In FY25, we launched new nameplate with the Tata Curvv ILMCVs in India
and Curvv.ev, which was the first Indian SUV coupe in Our sales in the ILMCVs in India increased by 5.7%.
the mass segment. The Tata Curvv combined stylish The Intermediate, Light, and Medium Commercial
design with performance, powered by a new Hyperion Vehicle (ILMCV) segment registered robust growth,
GDI engine. The Curvv.ev also pushed boundaries driven by strong momentum in the MCV sub-segment,
offering real range of more than 400km, while also customer-centric initiatives, and enhanced key account
achieving price parity with ICE. We also expanded our management. Strategic product introductions like the
twin-cylinder CNG portfolio with the addition of the 1416 LPK and 1616 LPT TRPCR addressed demand for
Nexon iCNG, which is India’s first turbocharged CNG higher-rated payloads and specialized applications.
vehicle. We strengthened the Nexon.ev with a 45kWh We further expanded the portfolio with high-payload
battery pack offering more range to customers. We also variants, including the 407 Gold+ and 710 LPT, catering
refreshed the Tiago with the Tiago 2025 intervention, to the evolving needs of our diverse customer base.
with reimagined interiors and advanced tech. At the
Bharat Mobility Global Expo 2025, we showcased our
SCVs and Pickups in India
recent and forthcoming launches including the Tata
Volume is down by 12.7%, as we faced challenges arising
Sierra, Harrier.ev and Avinya X concept.
from muted rural demand and tighter credit availability,
In the Utility Vehicles category, an increase of 11.4% from which impacted retail momentum. We solidified our
388,486 units in FY24 to 432,735 in FY25, represented a leadership portfolio with 11 new products, including
strong demand for Tata Nexon, Punch, Tata Harrier and the Ace Bi-Fuel and the Ace EV 1000, offering enhanced
SUV Coupe. This also reflects customer preference of payloads and improved efficiency. The Intra V70 LNT,
utility vehicles over hatchbacks. along with the Intra Gold Series, further strengthened
our value proposition with higher load capacities and
The decrease in the Passenger Car category (Tata-brand
faster turnaround times.
vehicles in India) in FY25, represented demand of Tiago,
Altroz and Tigor, including CNG variant and EV variant.
CV Passenger Vehicles in India
Commercial Vehicles in India Our sales in the CV passenger vehicles in India increased
by 16.2%. The business saw the launch of the Magic Petrol,
Tata Commercial Vehicles Sales
(In Units) a bi-fuel (Petrol+CNG) variant, making it an industry-first
Category
FY25 FY24 in the minivan segment, catering to urban school and
% Change
(In Units) (In Units) route applications with improved performance for FY25
Heavy Commercial 106,485 116,488 (8.6%) flexibility and operating economics. We also introduced
Vehicles (HCV) a new MCV platform for State Transport Undertakings
Intermediate and Light 62,258 58,923 5.7% (STUs), powered by a 5.6L Cummins engine for optimized
Medium Commercial
fuel efficiency and reliability in Mofussil applications.
Vehicles (ILMCV)
Additionally, we launched a 9m electric school bus with
SCVs and Pickups (SCVPU) 138,913 159,043 (12.7%)
a 10-year battery life, reinforcing our commitment to
CV Passenger Vehicle 50,775 43,711 16.2% sustainable mobility. In the intercity bus category, 13.5m
Total 358,431 378,165 (5.2%) and 12m chassis equipped with EMR were introduced
for enhanced braking and safety.
Tata Motors made significant strides across multiple
vehicle segments with a focus on innovation,
Tata Commercial Vehicles and Tata Passenger Vehicles
sustainability, and customer-centric solutions. In FY25,
— Exports
over 44 new products and 139 variants were introduced.
With a global footprint spanning 40 countries—
including those in the South Asian Association for
HCVs in India
Regional Cooperation (SAARC), Africa, the Middle East,
Industry has registered a year-on-year decline.
Southeast Asia, and Latin America—we offer a diverse
Our volumes dropped by 8.6% in this segment. We
range of vehicles, including trucks, buses, pickups,
introduced the Signa 5521.S with the 5L TATA Turbotronn
and small commercial vehicles. Since our founding in
engine for better fuel efficiency in return empty duty
1961, international business has been a core part of
cycles, alongside a range of alternate fuel vehicles like
our strategy, and we remain committed to building,
the Prima 5530.S LNG and SIGNA 2820.T CNG. We also
strengthening, and expanding our relationships around
launched the Prima 4830.T rigid truck, providing high
the world.
productivity with best-in-class features.
80th Integrated Annual Report
244
2024-25

Overall sales in International Business (IB) markets grew marginally by 3% in FY25 compared to FY24. The SAARC region
recorded a 11% increase, while the Sub-Saharan region experienced a significant 32% year-on-year growth in shipments.
Non-SAARC markets accounted for 53% of total shipments in FY25, compared to 55% in FY24. Heavy Duty Truck Range-
Prima and Large Bus meeting Euro 5 standards were launched in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Qatar in FY25.
Jaguar Land Rover’s Performance Analysis
Total wholesale and retail volume of Jaguar Land Rover vehicles (excluding CJLR) with a breakdown between Jaguar and
Land Rover brand vehicles, in FY25 and FY24 are set forth in the table below:
Wholesale Volume (in units excluding CJLR) Retail Volume(in units excluding CJLR)
FY25 FY24 % Change FY25 FY24 % Change
Jaguar 26,862 49,561 (46) 48,445 66,866 (28)
UK 10,273 19,103 (46) 11,600 17,601 (34)
North America 10,393 12,437 (16) 10,808 10,494 3
Europe 2,809 10,521 (73) 5,067 10,198 (50)
China 763 2,884 (74) 17,664 24,605 (28)
Overseas 2,624 4,616 (43) 3,306 3,968 (17)
Land Rover 374,036 351,742 6 380,409 364,867 4
UK 72,159 63,272 14 69,746 62,119 12
North America 118,595 93,186 27 109,471 84,500 30
Europe 68,937 70,316 (2) 66,508 68,055 (2)
China 46,423 49,669 (7) 65,996 79,518 (17)
Overseas 67,922 75,299 (10) 68,688 70,675 (3)
Jaguar Land Rover 400,898 401,303 (0) 428,854 431,733 (1)
UK 82,432 82,375 0 81,346 79,720 2
North America 128,988 105,623 22 120,279 94,994 27
Europe 71,746 80,837 (11) 71,575 78,253 (9)
China 47,186 52,553 (10) 83,660 104,123 (20)
Overseas 70,546 79,915 (12) 71,994 74,643 (4)
CJLR 34,489 48,725 (29) 34,156 50,153 (32)
Jaguar Land Rover’s performance on a wholesale normalisation of vehicle supply levels accompanied by
basis: a strong demand for our products in the region. There
Wholesales (excluding our China Joint Venture) for were challenging market conditions in China, particularly
the FY25 were 400,898 were flat, compared to FY24. for our locally produced cars - which operate in a highly
Compared to the prior year, wholesale volumes was competitive environment - with retailer insolvencies and
higher at North America 22%, and down in Overseas credit availability also impacting volumes. Compared
12%, Europe 11% and China 10%. Aluminium supply to the prior year, retail volumes were higher in North
chain disruptions in H1 FY25 impacted our production
America 27% and UK 2%, whereas impacted in China
and consequently wholesale volumes in that period.
20%, Europe 9% and Overseas 4%.
Wholesales were also impacted in the full year by the
gradual wind down of legacy Jaguar products, many
Retails by powertrain
of which reached the end of their production life by
December 2024, ahead of the launch of all new Jaguar During FY25, we continued to offer electrification
in 2026. options across our 13 nameplates, with plug-in hybrid
electric (PHEV) available on seven models and mild
Jaguar Land Rover’s performance on a retail basis: hybrid electric (MHEV) available on eight models. In
Retail sales for FY25 were 428,854 marginally down by FY25, electrified vehicles totalled 78.4% of our retail
1 % compared to FY24. There was a similar story on mix, sales (up from 75% in FY24) including 2% for the all-
with retail sales in North America increasing due to a electric Jaguar I-PACE, 15% PHEV and 62% MHEV.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
245 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Management Discussion and Analysis
Range Rover’s historic home, JLR’s Solihull plant, is now ready to build pure-electric Range Rover models alongside internal
combustion and plug-in hybrid siblings. This highlights the incredible versatility of our Modular Longitudinal Architecture
(MLA) flex architecture on which Range Rover and Range Rover Sport are built, enabling us to offer powertrains that match
the demands of markets around the world. During the year we are installing the latest energy efficient paint technology
and filtration techniques to cut power and water use. JLR has also utilise fully automated spray robots which reduce paint
waste versus hand painting methods.
B. Operating Results
All financial information discussed in this section is derived from our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. FY24
profit and loss statement has been restated for TMFL merger with Tata Capital Ltd, which has been shown separately as
profit/(loss) from discontinued business.
The following table sets forth selected items from our consolidated statements of income for the year indicated and shows
these items as a percentage of total revenue:
FY25 FY24 Difference
Particulars
(%) (%) (Bps)
Revenue from operations 100.0% 100.0% -
Expenditure:
Cost of material consumed (including change in stock) 61.8% 62.8% (100)
Employee Cost 10.9% 9.7% 120
Product development/Engineering expenses 2.4% 2.5% (10)
Other expenses (net) 19.4% 17.8% 160
Amount transferred to capital and other accounts (7.1%) (6.2%) (90)
Total Expenditure 87.4% 86.6% 80
Profit before other income, Depreciation and amortization, Finance costs, Foreign 12.6% 13.4% (80)
exchange (gain)/loss, exceptional item and tax
Other Income 1.4% 1.3% 10
Profit before Depreciation and Amortization, Finance costs, Foreign exchange (gain)/ 14.0% 14.7% (70)
loss, exceptional item and tax
Depreciation and Amortization 5.3% 6.3% (100)
Finance costs 1.2% 1.8% (60)
Foreign exchange loss (net) (0.2%) 0.0% (20)
Share of profits/(loss) of equity accounted investees (net) 0.1% 0.2% (10)
Profit before exceptional item and tax 7.8% 6.8% 100
Exceptional Item (gain)/loss (net) 0.1% 0.2% (10)
Profit before tax from continuing operations 7.7% 6.6% 110
Tax expense / (credit) 2.4% (0.9%) 330
Profit after tax from continuing operations 5.3% 7.5% (220)
Profit after tax from discontinued operations 1.1% (0.1%) 120
Underlying EBITDA - Continuing operations 13.1% 14.1% (100)
Underlying EBIT - Continuing operations 7.9% 8.0% (10)
Underlying EBITDA is defined to include the product in FY24. Better mix, better management of costs, and
development expenses charged to P&L and realised FX softening of commodity prices, have resulted in profits
and commodity hedges but excludes the revaluation of for the year. The net profit (attributable to shareholders
foreign currency debt, revaluation of foreign currency of our Company) was ₹27,830 crores in FY25, compared
other assets and liabilities, MTM on FX and commodity to a net profit of ₹31,399 crores. In FY24 deferred tax
hedges, other income (except government grant) as well credit was recorded in Jaguar Land Rover creating
as, exceptional items. deferred tax asset of ₹7,093 crores, in relation to
deductible temporary differences, including unused tax
Underlying EBIT is defined as reported Underlying
losses, on the basis that it is probable that future taxable
EBITDA plus profit from equity accounted investee less
profits will be available against which those deductible
depreciation and amortization.
temporary differences can be utilised. Similarly, Tata
Motors on a standalone basis recorded deferred tax
Overview
asset of ₹1,249 crores in FY24, on carry forward business
Profit before exceptional items and tax was losses, as it is probable, profits will be available against
₹34,330 crores in FY25, as compared to ₹29,368 crores which these will be utilized in coming years. The net
80th Integrated Annual Report
246
2024-25

deferred tax credit was ₹8,961 crores for FY24. Some of these assets (business loss) has been utilized in FY25 resulting in
reversal of deferred tax asset.
Profit before tax from discontinued operations for FY25 is the difference of fair value of investments of Tata Capital Ltd.
and the carrying value of net assets transferred as at April 1, 2024, of Tata Motors Finance Ltd. amounting to ₹4,975 crores.
FY24 reflects net loss from Tata Motors Finance Ltd. operations.
Automotive operations
Automotive operations are our most significant segment, accounted for 99.1%.
Particulars FY25 FY24 Change (%)
Total Revenues (₹ in crores) 435,949 430,104 1.4%
Earnings before other income, interest & Tax 34,513 32,603 5.9%
Earnings before other income, interest & Tax (% of revenue) 7.9% 7.6%
Our automotive operations segment is further divided into four reporting segments: Tata Commercial Vehicles, Tata
Passenger Vehicles, Jaguar Land Rover and Vehicle financing.
Earnings before other income, inentives, Earnings before other income, inentives,
Total Revenues (Rs. crores) finance cost, Foreign Exchange gain/(loss) finance cost, Foreign Exchange gain/(loss)
Category (net) & Tax (net) & Tax (% of revenue)
FY25 FY24 FY25 FY24 FY25 FY24
CV 75,055 78,791 6,814 6,483 9.1% 8.2%
PV 48,445 52,353 472 1,016 1.0% 1.9%
JLR 314,220 302,825 27,764 25,382 8.8% 8.4%
Financing 51 141 (2) 80 (3.9%) 56.7%
Unallocable 591 593 (516) (280) (87.3%) (47.2%)
Intra-Segment (2,413) (4,599) (19) (78) 0.8% 1.7%
eliminations
Total 435,949 430,104 34,513 32,603 7.9% 7.6%
In FY25, Jaguar Land Rover contributed 72% of our
Revenue
total automotive revenue compared to 70% in FY24
In FY25 consolidated revenue from operations were
(before intra-segment elimination) and the remaining
28% was contributed by Tata and other brand vehicles higher by 1.3% at ₹ 439,695 crores from ₹ 434,016 crores
in FY25, compared to 30% in FY24. This is reflecting in FY24.
higher growth of Jaguar Land Rover as compared to Tata
branded vehicles. Revenue Walk
434,016 1,463 5,758 11,900 999 439,695
Other operations
Our other operations business segment mainly includes (0.3%) (1.3%) 2.7% 0.2%
information technology services and insurance broking
services. The following table sets forth selected data FY24 Volume Price Transla�on Others FY25
regarding our other operations for the periods indicated & mix
and the percentage change from period to period
(before inter-segment eliminations). Geographical Breakdown
Particulars FY25 FY24 Change (%) In FY25, volume and percentage of revenues outside India
Total Revenues 6,019 5,875 2.5% have overall remain flat from FY24 levels. The revenue of
(₹ in crores) Jaguar Land Rover increased on account of better performance
Earnings before other 939 968 (3.0%)
in North America markets for FY25. Jaguar Land Rover
income, interest & Tax
wholesale volumes increased in North America (increased
Earnings before other 15.6% 16.5%
income, interest & Tax 22%), decreased in other areas in Overseas (decreased 12%),
(% of revenue) Europe (decreased 11%), and China (decreased 10%) in FY25.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
247 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Management Discussion and Analysis
The following chart sets forth our revenue from key by 4.3% to ₹48,144 crores in FY25 from ₹50,296 crores
geographical markets: in FY24.
Region wise Volumes (` K Units)
FY25 FY24
118.6123.8 Net Net
Category Change (%)
94.1 Revenue Revenue
75.0 ₹ Crs ₹ Crs
67.5 65.8
54.5 55.0 51.355.5 55.457.4 Utility Vehicles 28,923 27,362 5.7%
Electric 7,518 8,784 (14.4%)
Passenger Car 5,044 7,549 (33.2%)
India North America UK EU China Others
FY25 Volume FY24 Volume Revenue from sale of spare parts increased by 18.0%
to ₹3,053 crores in FY25, as compared to ₹2,587 crores
The “EU” market is geographic Europe, excluding the in FY24.
United Kingdom and Russia. The “Others Rest of World”
market is other regions not included above. Vehicle financing:
Revenue from our Vehicle Financing operations dropped
Tata Commercial Vehicles: by 63.8% to ₹51 crores in FY25 from ₹141 crores in FY24.
The revenue from Tata commercial vehicle was ₹75,055 Tata Motors Finance Ltd. has been transferred to Tata
crores in FY25, compared to ₹78,791 crores in FY24, a Capital Ltd from appointed date of April 1, 2024.
drop of 4.7% driven by lower volumes.
Jaguar & Land Rover:
Our revenues from sales of vehicles and spare parts of
commercial vehicles manufactured in India decreased The revenue of our Jaguar Land Rover business increase
by 5.5% to ₹67,215 crores in FY25 from ₹71,121 crores by 3.8% to ₹314,220 crores in FY25 from ₹302,825
in FY24. crores in FY24. This increase was after a favourable
translation of ₹11,105 crores from GBP to Indian rupees
The breakup of sales of vehicles manufactured in India in FY25. Excluding currency translation, the revenue of
as follows: - Jaguar Land Rover was flat at £29 billion in FY25 vis-a-vis
in FY24.
FY25 FY24
Net Net
Category Change (%)
Revenue Revenue Others:
₹ Crs ₹ Crs
Revenue from other operations (before inter-segment
HCV 32,109 35,631 (9.9%)
eliminations) increase by 2.5% to ₹6,019 crores in
ILMCV 8,305 8,035 3.4%
CV Passenger 7,809 7,336 6.4% FY25 compared to ₹5,875 crores in FY24. Revenue of
SCV & Pickups 6,544 7,203 (9.1%) Tata Technologies for FY25 was flat at ₹5,175 crores as
compared to ₹5,126 in FY24.
Revenue attributable to Tata Daewoo Mobility,
decreased by 10.8% to ₹5,394 crores in FY25 from
Cost of material consumed:
₹6,050 crores in FY24. Domestic sales were subdued due
to prevailing economy challenges in Korean economy Raw Materials, Components and Purchase of Products
and political instability, whereas Export sales were for Sale (including change in inventories of finished
impacted by intensified global geopolitical tensions, goods and work-in-progress)
conflicts, trade disputes, and alliances shifting in FY25.
Material costs was ₹271,786 crores in FY25 compared
Revenue from sale of spare parts decreased by 11.4% to ₹272,755 crores in FY24. As a percentage of revenue
to ₹7,194 crores in FY25, as compared to ₹8,122 crores material costs are 61.8% in FY25, compared to 62.8%
in FY24. in FY24.
Tata Commercial Vehicles:
Tata Passenger Vehicles:
Material costs for Tata Commercial Vehicles decreased
The revenue from Tata Passenger Vehicles was ₹48,445
by 8.5% to ₹51,241 crores in FY25 from ₹56,015 crores
crores in FY25, compared to ₹52,353 crores in FY24, a
in FY24. The material costs as a percentage of total
drop of 7.5%.
revenue decreased to 68.3% in FY25, compared to 71.1%
Our revenues from sales of vehicles and spare parts of in FY24, primarily due to product mix and softening of
Passenger Vehicles manufactured in India decreased commodity prices.
80th Integrated Annual Report
248
2024-25

Material costs decreased by 14.5% to ₹3,176 crores Flexi Headcounts
Segment
in FY25, compared to ₹3,715 crores in FY24 for Tata FY 25 FY24
CV 16,532 17,424
Daewoo Mobility. As a percentage of total revenue,
PV 14,138 15,474
material costs decreased to 58.9% in FY25, compared to
JLR 3,489 4,539
61.4% in FY24.
Others 762 877
Unallocable 307 346
Tata Passenger Vehices:
35,228 38,660
Material costs for Tata Passenger Vehicles decreased by
9.2% to ₹38,612 crores in FY25 from ₹42,526 crores in Tata Commercial Vehicles:
FY24, mainly due to lower volumes. The material costs
The employee costs for Tata Commercial Vehicles
as a percentage of total revenue decreased to 79.7% in
increased by 3.8% to ₹4,730 crores in FY25 from ₹4,555
FY25, compared to 81.2% in FY24, on account of better
crores in FY24, mainly due to yearly increments and
product mix.
various wage settlements during the year. However, the
employee costs as a percentage of revenue increased
Jaguar & Land Rover: to 6.3% in FY25 from 5.8% in FY24, due to increase
At our Jaguar Land Rover operations, material costs in revenue.
in FY25 increased by 3.2% to ₹181,919 crores, from
Employee costs at Tata Motors Ltd, increased by 4.6%
₹176,325 crores in FY24. The increase was also due to
to ₹4,314 crores in FY25 from ₹4,123 crores in FY24,
an unfavourable currency translation from GBP to Indian
mainly due to annual increments and production
rupees of ₹6,435 crores. Excluding currency translation,
Linked Incentive.
material costs attributable to our Jaguar Land Rover
operations decreased to £16,865 million in FY25 from Employee costs at Tata Daewoo Mobility were increased
£16,958 million in FY24. Material costs at our Jaguar to ₹894 crores in FY25, compared to ₹868 crores in FY24
Land Rover operations as a percentage of revenue primarily due annual increments given during FY25.
decreased to 57.9% in FY25 as compared to 58.3% in
The permanent headcounts increased by 1.0% as at
FY24 (in GBP terms). The mix, pricing improvement and
March 31, 2025 to 23,203 employees from 22,981
reduction of supply and production constraints have
employees as at March 31, 2024.
offset the impact of material cost pressures.
Tata Passenger Vehicles:
Employee Costs:
The employee costs for Tata Passenger Vehicles increased
Our employee costs increased by 13.8% in FY25 to
by 12.5% to ₹2,275 crores in FY25 from ₹2,023 crores
₹47,767 crores from ₹41,990 crores in FY24, including
in FY24, mainly due to yearly increments and various
the foreign currency translation impact from GBP to
wage settlements during the year and additionally cost
Indian rupees as discussed below.
towards Sanand 2, which was operational from Q4
Our permanent employee headcount increased by 2.5% FY24. The employee costs as a percentage of revenue
as at March 31, 2025 to 86,259 employees from 84,166 increased to 3.9% in FY25 from 3.6% in FY24.
employees as at March 31, 2024. The average temporary
The permanent headcounts increased by 3.5% as
headcount has decreased to 35,228 employees in FY25
at March 31, 2025 to 7,623 employees from 7,365
from 38,660 employees in FY24.
employees as at March 31, 2024.
Permanent Headcounts
Segment
FY 25 FY24 Jaguar & Land Rover:
CV 23,203 22,981
The employee costs at Jaguar Land Rover increased by
PV 7,623 7,365
15.6% to ₹36,887 crores (£3,417 million) in FY25 from
JLR 41,517 40,183
₹31,895 crores (£3,064 million) in FY24. Increase is
Others 12,218 12,092
Unallocable* 1,698 1,545 driven by rise in headcount and also annual increments.
86,259 84,166 The headcount increased by 3.3% (FY25 41,517 vs FY24
*Unallocable includes corporate and shared services. 40,183). The increase was also due to unfavourable
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
249 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Management Discussion and Analysis
foreign currency translation impact from GBP to Indian rupees of ₹1,304 crores. The employee costs as a percentage of
revenue increased to 11.7% in FY25 from 10.5% in FY24 (in GBP terms).
Product development/Engineering expenses:
Product development/Engineering expenses represent research costs and costs pertaining to minor product enhancements,
refreshes, and upgrades to existing vehicle models. These cost were at 2.4% and 2.5%, respectively of total revenues and
were flat at ₹10,716 crores and ₹10,959 crores for FY25 and FY24, respectively.
Other Expenses:
Other expenses increased by 10.6% to ₹85,399 crores in FY25 from ₹77,198 crores in FY24. There was unfavourable foreign
currency translation of GBP to Indian rupees of ₹2,522 crores.
The major components of expenses are as follows:
(₹ in crores)
% of Revenue
FY25 FY24 Change
FY25 FY24
Processing charges 1,966 2,005 (1.9%) 0.4% 0.5%
Stores, spare parts and tools consumed 2,185 2,098 4.1% 0.5% 0.5%
Freight, transportation, port charges, etc. 9,083 8,889 2.2% 2.1% 2.0%
Power and fuel 2,443 2,189 11.6% 0.6% 0.5%
Warranty charges 16,478 13,586 21.3% 3.7% 3.1%
Publicity 10,697 9,220 16.0% 2.4% 2.1%
Information technology/computer expenses 6,471 5,627 15.0% 1.5% 1.3%
Provision and write off of sundry debtors, vehicle
loans and advances (net) 63 163 (61.3%) 0.0% 0.0%
Engineering expense 8,191 7,716 6.2% 1.9% 1.8%
MTM (gain)/loss on commodity derivatives (162) 1,531 (110.6%) (0.0%) 0.4%
Works operation and other expenses 27,984 24,174 15.8% 6.4% 5.6%
Other Expenses 85,399 77,198 10.6% 19.4% 17.8%
1. Freight and transportation expenses increased by 3. Publicity expenses represented at 2.4% and 2.1%
2.2% to ₹9,083 crores in FY25. This is also due to of our total revenues in FY25 as well as FY24,
unfavourable currency translation of ₹270 crores respectively. The publicity expenses at Jaguar
from GBP to INR. At Jaguar Land Rover freight and Land Rover increased to £894 million (3.1% of the
transportation expenses were flat at £ 711 million in revenue) in FY25, compared to £777 million (2.7%
FY24 to £708 million in FY25. For India operations, of revenue) in FY24. Publicity expenses for our India
expenses decreased from ₹1,357 crores in FY24 to operation was ₹1,124 crores in FY25 as compared
₹1,297 crores in FY25 contributed by Commercial to ₹1,180 crores in FY24.
Vehicles which were flat in FY25 at ₹1,094 crores
4. Warranty and product liability expenses
and decrease in Passenger Vehicles expenses by
represented 3.7% and 3.1% of our total revenues
21.8% from ₹259 crores in FY24 to ₹203 crores in
in FY25 and FY24, respectively. The warranty
FY25 due to lower volumes. As a % to revenue,
expenses at Jaguar Land Rover increased to £1,272
freight and transportation expenses was 2.1% in
million (4.4% of the revenue) in FY25, compared to
FY25, as compared to 2.0% in FY24.
£1,059 million (3.6% of revenue) in FY24, for Tata
2. Our works operation and other expenses Motors Indian operations, Commercial Vehicles
represented 6.4% and 5.6% of total revenue in represented at 3.1% and 2.0% in FY25 and FY24,
FY25 and FY24, respectively. Other expenses Passenger Vehicles increased from 0.8% in FY25
mainly relate to volume-related expenses at Jaguar to 0.5% in FY24. Provisions are recognised for the
Land Rover and Tata Commercial and Passenger costs of repairing manufacturing defects, recall
Vehicles. On absolute terms, the expenses campaigns, customer goodwill and the other
increased to ₹27,984 crores in FY25 from ₹24,174 obligations under the warranty. Assumptions are
crores in FY24, mainly on account of unfavourable made on the type and extent of future warranty
foreign currency translation impact from GBP to claims based on experience of the frequency and
Indian rupees of ₹1,024 crores. extent of vehicle faults and defects historically. The
80th Integrated Annual Report
250
2024-25

estimates also include assumptions on the amounts FY24, majorly decrease of ₹4,580 represents towards
of potential repair costs per vehicle and the effects Jaguar Land Rover at ₹18,067 crores in FY25 as compared
of possible time or mileage limits and are regularly to ₹22,647 in FY24 due to cessation of production at
adjusted to reflect new information. Castle Bromwich effective from Q1 FY25, cessation of
productions at Graz effective from Q3 FY25 and ICE end
5. Engineering expenses increased by 6.2% to ₹8,191
of life extensions.
crores in FY25, compared to ₹7,716 crores in FY24.
These expenses represent 1.9% and 1.8% of our
Finance Cost (interest expenses):
total revenues in FY25 and FY24, respectively and
are attributable mainly to increased expenditure at Our interest expense (net of interest capitalized)
Jaguar Land Rover. decreased by 33.1% to ₹5,083 crores in FY25 from
₹7,594 crores in FY24. As a percentage of total revenues,
interest expense represented 1.2% and 1.7% in FY25
Expenditure capitalized:
and FY24, respectively. The interest expense (net) for
This represents employee costs, stores and other
Jaguar Land Rover was £287 million (₹3,106 crores)
manufacturing supplies and other work expenses
in FY25, compared to £469 million (₹4,892 crores) in
incurred mainly toward product development projects.
FY24. The decrease is mainly on account of debt and
Considering the nature of our industry, we continually
bond repayment and higher interest capitalisation at
invest in the development of new products to address
Jaguar Land Rover. For Tata Commercial Vehicles and
safety, emission, and other regulatory standards. The
Tata Passenger Vehicles, interest expense decreased
expenditure capitalized increased by 16.2% to ₹31,105
to ₹1,810 crores in FY25 from ₹2,632 crores in FY24,
crores in FY25 from ₹26,758 crores in FY24. The increase
reflecting decrease in borrowings.
is also due to favourable foreign currency translation
impact from GBP to Indian rupees of ₹1,016 crores
Foreign exchange (gain)/loss (net):
pertaining to Jaguar Land Rover.
We had a net foreign exchange gain of ₹922 crores in
Total amount incurred by the Company on product
FY25, compared to loss of ₹15 crores in FY24.
development was ₹35,171 crores in FY25 as compared
to ₹29,579 crores FY24, of which 69.5% was capitalised • Jaguar Land Rover recorded an exchange gain
in FY25 as compared to 63.0% FY24. of ₹981 crores in FY25, compared to ₹190 crores
in FY24 on account of foreign exchange and fair
value adjustments.
Other income:
There was a net gain of ₹ 6,244 crores in FY25, compared • For our India operations, we incurred a net
to ₹5,692 crores in FY24, representing increase of 9.7%. exchange loss of ₹101 crores in FY25, compared to
₹258 crores in FY24, mainly attributable to foreign
Interest income was ₹2,473 crores in FY25, compared to
currency denominated borrowings.
₹2,488 crores in FY24, Government incentive increased
to ₹3,458 crores in FY25, compared to ₹2,971 crores
Exceptional Item (gain)/loss (net):
in FY24. In FY25, we recognised PLI incentive of ₹527
crores on receipt of approval and money for FY24 and (₹ in crores)
also accrued for FY25 basis TCA approval. Particulars FY25 FY24
Employee separation cost 275 87
Depreciation and Amortization: Impairment of property, plant 31 102
and equipment and provision
Our depreciation and amortization expenses decreased
for intangible assets under
by 14.6% in FY25 as compared to FY24, the breakdown
development and subsidiary
of which is as follows:
company.
(₹ in crores) Provision for onerous contract 30 -
Particulars FY25 FY24 Change Provision for employee pension 165 762
Depreciation 11,203 13,048 (14.2%) scheme
Amortization 10,630 12,922 (17.7%) Others 49 (12)
Amortization of Leased 1,423 1,269 12.1%
Total 550 939
Assets (RTU)
Total 23,256 27,239 (14.6%) FY25
Depreciation & Amortization expenses decreased to
Tata Motors Limited (the “Company”) in October 2019
₹23,256 crores in FY25, compared to ₹27,239 crores in
had by way of an application, addressed to the Employee
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
251 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Management Discussion and Analysis
Provident Fund Organization (“EPFO”), offered to crores as compared to ₹4,937 crores in FY24, whereas
surrender its exempted Pension fund. Subsequently, the there is deferred tax expense of ₹5,479 crores in FY25 as
Company incurred losses for three consecutive years compared to credit of ₹8,961 crores in FY24.
(during FY 2019-20, 2020-21 & 2021-22), thereby calling
As compared to FY24, income tax expense is due to the
for an automatic cancellation/ withdrawal of pension
following reasons:
fund exemption.
• During FY25, Tata Motors Ltd has utilised deferred
On November 4, 2022, the Hon’ble Supreme Court
tax asset on business loss of ₹1,211 crores and on
ruled that those who were members of a statutory
unabsorbed depreciation ₹763 crores, resulting in
pension fund as on September 1, 2014, can exercise a
deferred tax expenses of ₹1,827 crores. In FY24 Tata
joint option with their employer to contribute to their
Motors, recognised deferred tax asset on business
Pension fund beyond the statutory limit and be eligible
loss of ₹1,249 crores and utilised ₹1,029 crores
to draw a higher pension calculated based on last 5 years
against the profit on sale of investments in FY24
average salary. The Company accepted and approved
resulting in net deferred tax credit of ₹157 crores.
the applications filed by its employees for joint option to
contribute on higher salary on the EPFO’s portal. • During FY25, Jaguar Land Rover recognized
deferred tax expense of ₹2,855 crores as compared
As per the actuarial valuation, an additional provision of
to ₹7,094 crores deferred tax credit in FY24, on
₹165 crores have been made for pension on higher salary
previously unrecognized unused business losses.
during the year ended March 31, 2025. EPFO, however,
redirected a few of such Joint Applications to the • There is tax charge on undistributed earnings
Company’s Pension Trust. Considering this, along with of joint venture, joint operation, associates
the fact that there was no positive movement towards and subsidiaries amounting to ₹1,392 crores in
the conclusion of the surrender process of the pension FY25 as compared to ₹1,043 crores in FY24, due to
fund, the Company filed a Writ Petition with Hon’ble increased profitability.
Delhi High Court (“Court”) for seeking directions to EPFO
to immediately start administering TML’s Pension Fund. Share of profit/(loss) of equity-accounted investees:
The trade unions have also filed another Writ Petition
In FY25, our share of equity-accounted investees
for expediting the transfer of pension fund corpus and
reflected a profit of ₹287 crores, compared to profit of
accepting the Joint Applications of the employees.
₹700 crores in FY24. Our share of profit (including other
EPFO in December 2024, sent a recommendation to the adjustments) in the China Joint Venture was loss in FY25
Government of India for cancellation of the Company’s was ₹28 crores, compared to profits of ₹253 crores in
pension exemption, subject to fulfilment of certain FY24. Further in FY24 Tata Autocomp Systems Ltd. had
conditions. The parties had series of meetings to accounted for one time gain towards sale of land and
channelize the migration of members data to EPFO’s business, leading to higher profits.
unified portal, prominently the joint meetings in April
Non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries,
2025, of which the duly signed minutes were filed in
net of tax:
the Court on May 1, 2025. It has been agreed in the said
minutes that EPFO will provide a facility on the Unified The share of non-controlling interests in consolidated
Portal for the Company to migrate the members’ data subsidiaries was decreased to ₹319 crores in FY25 from
on EPFO’s portal. The Company will start contribution in ₹408 crores in FY24. The non-controlling interest has
statutory pension fund w.e.f. wage month of July 2025. reduced, due to merger of TMFL with TCL, interest on
Pension Trust will transfer the liability towards normal perpetual debt. This has been partially offset by increase
pension valuation carried by EPFO. The Court took the in non-controlling interest of Tata Technologies Ltd, due
above minutes on its records and fixed the matter on July to sale of stake by TML during FY24.
23, 2025 for implementation of same as per timelines
agreed in the minutes. Profit after tax:
Our consolidated net profit in FY25, excluding shares of
Tax expenses / (credit): non-controlling interests, is ₹27,830 crores, as compared
to ₹31,399 crores in FY24. This was mainly the result of
Our income tax expense from continuing operations
the following factors:
is ₹10,502 crores in FY25 as compared to credit of ₹4,024
crores in FY24, resulting in consolidated effective tax
• Earnings before other income (excluding
rates of positive 31.1% in FY25, compared to negative
Incentives), finance cost, foreign exchange gain/
14.2% for FY24. Current tax expense for FY25 is ₹5,023
(loss) (net), exceptional items and tax for Jaguar
80th Integrated Annual Report
252
2024-25

Land Rover is profit of ₹26,830 crores in FY25, • Earnings before other income (excluding
compared to ₹25,799 crores in FY24. Incentives), finance cost, foreign exchange gain/
(loss) (net), exceptional items and tax for Tata
• Earnings before other income (excluding
Passenger Vehicles amounted to ₹458 crores in
Incentives), finance cost, foreign exchange gain/
FY25, compared to ₹1,029 crores in FY24.
(loss) (net), exceptional items and tax for Tata
Commercial Vehicles amounted to ₹6,794 crores in
FY25, compared to ₹6,479 crores in FY24.
C. Balance Sheet
Below is a discussion of major items and variations in our consolidated balance sheet as at March 31, 2025, and March 31,
2024, included elsewhere in this annual report.
(₹ in crores)
Translation Change Due
As at March 31, Change Net Change
of JLR to TMFL
2025 2024 25 Vs 24 25 Vs 24 Demerger 25 Vs 24
ASSETS
(a) Property, plant and equipment and intangible 180,608 156,123 24,485 7,476 119 16,890
assets
(b) Goodwill 895 860 35 - - 35
(c) Financial assets (Inc. investment in equity 121,078 133,740 (12,662) 4,073 35,308 (52,043)
accounted investees)
(d) Deferred tax assets (net) 7,176 13,099 (5,923) 452 12 (6,387)
(e) Tax assets (net) - (Current/Non-Current) 2,456 2,231 225 13 - 212
(f) Other assets 18,646 16,149 2,497 689 2,129 (321)
(g) Inventories 47,269 47,788 (519) 2,055 - (2,574)
(h) Assets classified as held-for-sale 514 674 (160) 26 59 (245)
TOTAL ASSETS 378,642 370,664 7,978 14,784 37,627 (44,433)
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY 122,754 93,094 29,660 5,067 5,645 18,948
LIABILITIES -
(a) Financial liabilities: 186,591 220,848 (34,257) 6,962 842 (42,061)
(b) Provisions 36,766 28,828 7,938 1,576 91 6,271
(c) Deferred tax liabilities (net) 1,669 1,143 526 57 - 469
(d) Other liabilities 28,716 25,224 3,492 1,025 31,049 (28,582)
(e) Current tax liabilities (net) 2,146 1,527 619 97 - 522
TOTAL LIABILITIES 255,888 277,570 (21,682) 9,717 31,982 (63,381)
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 378,642 370,664 7,978 14,784 37,627 (44,433)
The increase by 2.2% in assets as at March 31, 2025, considers favourable foreign currency translation from GBP into Indian
rupees as described below.
Property, plants and equipment: PPE decreased marginally from ₹73,125 crores as at March 31, 2024, to ₹72,536 crores
as at March 31, 2025. This is post favourable foreign currency translation of ₹2,557 crores from GBP to Indian rupees.
After adjusting for the foreign currency translation impact, decrease of ₹589 crores is mainly due to additions offset by
depreciation during the year.
Goodwill: Goodwill as at March 31, 2025, was ₹895 crores, compared to ₹860 crores as at March 31, 2024. The increase was
attributable to a favourable translation impact pertaining to software consultancy and the services of our subsidiary, Tata
Technologies Limited.
Intangible Assets: Intangible assets increased by 28.1% from ₹64,002 crores as at March 31, 2024, to ₹81,972 crores as at
March 31, 2025. This increase is mainly due to higher capitalization of product development costs. This increase is also due
to favourable foreign currency translation of ₹1,835 crores from GBP to Indian rupees. As at March 31, 2025, there were
product development projects in progress amounting to ₹24,761 crores compared to ₹9,055 crores as at March 31, 2024.
Inventories: As at March 31, 2025, inventories were at ₹47,269 crores, compared to ₹47,788 crores as at March 31, 2024,
a decrease of 1.1%. The decrease in finished goods inventory by ₹426 crores from ₹36,622 crores as at March 31, 2024, to
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
253 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Management Discussion and Analysis
₹36,196 crores as at March 31, 2025. This decrease was lease liability and Trade payables. Borrowings has
post favourable currency translation of ₹1,688 crores reduced to ₹62,499 crores as at March 31, 2025 from
from GBP to Indian rupees. In terms of number of days ₹98,501 crores as at March 31, 2024 due to repayments.
to sales, finished goods represented 49 inventory days in
sales in FY25, compared to 44 inventory days in FY24.
D. Cash Flow
Other assets: Our other assets (current and non- The following table sets forth selected items from
current) increased by 15.5% to ₹18,646 crores as at consolidated cash flow statement:
March 31, 2025, from ₹16,150 crores as at March 31,
(₹ in crores)
2024. This increase is majorly on account of employee
Particulars FY25 FY24 Change
benefits (pension at JLR) by ₹343 crores, Research and
Cash from operating activities 63,102 67,915 (4,813)
development expenditure credit grant ₹705 crores, Profit/Loss for the year 28,149 31,807
advance to suppliers by ₹541 crores, PLI accrual of Adjustments for cash flow 30,788 33,299
₹385 crores, and contract assets ₹443. There was an from operations
increase attributable to a favourable translation impact Changes in working capital 8,156 7,325
of ₹343 crores. Direct taxes paid (3,991) (4,516)
Cash used in investing (47,594) (22,828) (24,765)
DTA & DTL: A deferred tax asset (net) of ₹5,583 crores activities
was recorded in our income statement and a deferred Payment for Assets (37,068) (31,183)
tax liability (net) of ₹30 crores in other comprehensive Net investments, short term (13,121) 5,766
income. The deferred tax asset of ₹7,176 crores was deposit, margin money and
loans given
recorded as at March 31, 2025, compared to ₹13,099
Dividend and interest 2,595 2,589
crores as at March 31, 2024. We utilised ₹1,024 crores
received
(net) on deferred tax asset on losses due to profits
Net Cash used in financing (18,786) (37,006) 18,220
in FY25. activities
Proceeds/(buy back) from - 3,812
Provisions: Provisions (current and non-current)
issue of share to minority
increased by 27.5% to ₹36,766 crores as at March
shareholders
31, 2025 from ₹28,828 crores as at March 31, 2024. Dividend Paid (including paid (2,303) (1,059)
Provisions for warranties increased by 31.0% to ₹28,080 to minority shareholders
crores as at March 31, 2025, compared to ₹21,439 Interest paid (5,814) (9,332)
crores as at March 31, 2024 mainly at Jaguar Land Rover Proceeds from issue of 35 82
increased from GBP 1,865 million to GBP 2,262 million shares and share application
pending allotment
as at March 31, 2025, at Tata Motors Ltd. increased from
Net Borrowings (net of issue (10,704) (30,509)
₹1,315 to ₹2,291 crores as at March 31, 2025.
expenses)
Trade Payable (including Acceptances): There were Net increase / (decrease) in (3,278) 8,081 (11,358)
cash and cash equivalent
₹97,368 crores as at March 31, 2025, compared to
Free Cash Flow (FCF) (Auto) 22,348 26,924
₹93,978 crores as at March 31, 2024, an increase of
3.6%, reflecting increase in operations at Jaguar land *FCF means cash flow from operating activities less
Rover and unfavourable foreign currency translation of payment for property, plant and equipment and
₹2,279 crores from GBP to Indian rupees. intangible assets, add proceeds from sale of property,
plant and equipment, excluding M&A linked asset
Other Liabilities: Increased by 13.8% to ₹28,716 crores
purchase less interest paid, add interest received,
as at March 31, 2025, compared to ₹25,224 crores as
add dividend from equity accounted investees of core
at March 31, 2024. There has been increase of ₹1,735
auto entities and less Investment in Equity Accounted
crores as at March 31, 2025 on account of contract
investees of core auto entities.
liabilities, an increase of 11.5% as compared to FY24.
Further increase on account of Government grant by Auto Free Cash Flow of core auto entities and less cash
36.7% and an unfavourable foreign currency translation flow of TMF Group i.e. financing business on consolidated
of ₹1,025 crores from GBP to Indian rupees. basis was positive at ₹22,348 crores compared to
₹26,924 crores in FY24.
Financial Liabilities: Financial liabilities (current and
non-current) were ₹1,86,591 crores as at March 31, Cash and cash equivalents decreased by ₹5,666 crores
2025, compared to ₹2,20,847 crores as at March 31, 2024 as at March 31, 2025 to ₹34,349 crores from ₹40,015
(net of favourable currency translation impact of 6,962 crores as at March 31, 2024. The movement is on account
crores), comprises of liabilities towards borrowings, of net decrease in cash and cash equivalent by ₹3,278
crores. Reduction in cash due to merger of TMFL with
80th Integrated Annual Report
254
2024-25

TCL of ₹2,999 crores, offset by foreign exchange gain FY25 was £3.8 billion (13.1% of revenue), higher than
₹ 909 crores resulted from the changes to our cash flows £3.3 billion (11.3% of revenue) in the prior year. Of
in FY25 when compared to FY24 as described below. the £3.8 billion investment spending, £869 million was
expensed through profit and loss statement and the
Net cash provided by operating activities totalled ₹63,102
remaining £1.8 billion was capitalised.
crores in FY25, a decrease of ₹4,813 crores, compared
to ₹67,915 crores in FY24. The net profit for the FY25 is In FY25, payments for capital expenditures at Tata
₹28,149 crores, compared to a profit of ₹31,807 crores Commercial Vehicles and Tata Passenger Vehicles
in FY24. The cash flows from operating activities before increased to ₹6,586 crores from ₹6,297 crores in FY24.
changes in operating assets and liabilities is of ₹58,937 These capital expenditures are related to new products
crores in FY25, compared to ₹65,106 crores in FY24. The under development.
changes in operating assets and liabilities resulted in a
Our net investment in short-term deposit margin
net inflow of ₹8,156 crores in FY25, compared to ₹7,327
moneys and loans resulted in an outflow of ₹13,121
crores in FY24.
crores in FY25, compared to an inflow ₹5,766 crores in
In FY25, Cash inflow in vehicle finance receivables was FY24. This is mainly due to investment in mutual fund in
₹ Nil crores compared to a net outflow of ₹725 crores FY25, compared to FY24.
in FY24, due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd. with
Net cash outflow from financing activities totalled
Tata capital Ltd. For Tata Commercial Vehicles and Tata
₹18,786 crores in FY25, compared to ₹37,006 crores
Passenger Vehicles there was an inflow of ₹599 crores
in FY24. Net repayment of borrowings (net of issue
in FY25 on account of changes in operating assets and
expenses) done during FY25 of ₹10,704 crores, compared
liabilities, compared to ₹845 crores in FY24. For Jaguar
to ₹30,509 crores during FY24. For Tata Commercial
Land Rover brand vehicles, there was a net inflow of
Vehicles and Tata Passenger Vehicles excluding vehicle
cash on account of changes in operating assets and
financing, the short-term debt (net) decreased by ₹5,279
liabilities accounting to ₹7,546 crores in FY25, compared
crores, whereas long-term debt (net) increased by ₹660
to ₹6,619 crores in FY24.
crores, due to repayments. There was a decrease in debt
Income tax paid has decreased to ₹3,991 crores in FY25, (short-term and long-term) of ₹ 402 crores in FY25 at
compared to ₹4,516 crores in FY24, which was primarily Vehicle Financing, compared to ₹3,895 crores in FY24 on
attributable to tax payments by Jaguar Land Rover’s account of repayments and transfer of net assets to Tata
foreign subsidiaries in their respective tax jurisdictions. Capital Limited.
Net cash used in investing activities totalled of ₹47,594 For Jaguar Land Rover, short term debt increased to
crores in FY25, compared to ₹22,828 crores for FY24, an £1,400 million in FY25 (£1,256 million in FY24). However,
increase of ₹24,766 crores. Long-term debt (excluding lease liabilities) decreased to
£2,285 million in FY25 (£2,936 million in FY24), including
The following table sets forth a summary of our cash
repayment of €500 million bond, £73 million five-year
flow on property, plants and equipment and intangible
amortising loan facility from UK Export and £250 of the
assets for the periods indicated.
UKEF backed loan which amortized over the course of
(₹ in crores) the year. As at March 31, 2025, the Group has a fully
Particulars FY25 FY24 undrawn revolving credit facility of £1,660 million (2024:
£1,520 million). In January 2025, signed a new term
Tata Commercial Vehicles 2,130 2,101
loan at a value of $500 million, which increased to $650
Tata Passenger Vehicles 4,264 4,237
million in March 2025 due to a $150 million accordion
Jaguar Land Rover 30,584 24,592
feature. Lease obligations payments totalled £86 million
Others 90 253
in FY25 compared to £74 million in FY24.
Total 37,068 31,183
Interest paid in FY25 was ₹5,814 crores, compared to
Jaguar Land Rover had positive free cash flow of £1,478 ₹9,332 crores in FY24. For Jaguar Land Rover, interest
million in FY25, after total investment spending of £3.8 paid was ₹4,000 crores in FY25, compared to ₹4,565
billion. In FY25, payments for capital expenditures at crores in FY24. For Tata Commercial Vehicles and Tata
Jaguar Land Rover increased by 24.4% to ₹30,584 crores Passenger Vehicles, interest paid was ₹1,413 crores in
from ₹24,592 crores in FY24. Investment spending in FY25, compared to ₹2,098 crores in FY24.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
255 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Management Discussion and Analysis
E. KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS
The details of significant changes (25% or more) in the key financial ratios in FY25 compared to FY24 is as follows:
Year ended Year ended
Particulars Change %
Mar 31, 2025 Mar 31, 2024
Debt Equity Ratio (number of times) 0.54 1.16 (53.4%)
Debt Service Coverage Ratio (number of times) 2.21 1.76 25.6%
Interest Service Coverage Ratio (number of times) 6.54 5.24 24.8%
Current ratio (number of times) 0.96 0.97 (1.0%)
Long term debt to working capital (number of times) 5.33 3.56 49.7%
Debtors’ turnover (in times) 29.12 26.55 9.7%
Inventory turnover (in times) 5.72 6.16 (7.1%)
Operating margin (%) 13.28 14.01 (5.2%)
Net profit margin (%) 6.40 7.33 (12.7%)
Return on capital employed (%) 18.7 6.5 187.7
F. Liquidity and Capital Resources The following table sets forth our short- and long-term
debt position:
We finance our capital expenditures and research and
development investments through cash generated
As of As of
from operations, cash and cash equivalents, and debt March 31,2025 March 31,2024
and equity funding. We also raise funds through the Short-term debt (excluding
sale of investments, including divestments in stakes of current portion of long-term
5,687 5,735
subsidiaries on a selective basis. debt)
Current portion of long-term
The key element of the financing strategy is maintaining 16,595 30,617
debt
a strong financial position that allows us to fund our
Long-term debt net of current
capital expenditures and research and development 40,217 62,149
portion
investments efficiently even if earnings are subject
Total Debt 62,499 98,501
to short-term fluctuations. Our policies for liquidity
and capital resources are appropriate for automotive The following graph sets forth a summary of the maturity
operations and are set with business specific sensitivity profile for our outstanding long-term debt obligations
analysis and by benchmarking our competitors. These (including current maturities of long-term borrowings,
are reviewed periodically by the Board. including interest) as of March 31, 2025.
(i) Principal Sources of Funding Liquidity Payment Due by Period ₹ in crores
Within one year 20,770
Our funding requirements are met through a
After one year and upto two years 12,081
mix of equity, convertible or non-convertible
After two year and upto five years 30,156
debt securities and other long and short-term
borrowings along with working capital limits After five year and upto ten years 3,191
from banks and financial institutions. We raise Total 66,198
funds from debt markets through commercial
The following table sets forth our total liquid assets,
paper programs, convertible and non-convertible
namely cash and cash equivalents, short-term deposits
debentures and other debt instruments. We
and investments in mutual funds and money market
regularly monitor funding options available in the
funds (under other Investment—Current):
debt and equity capital markets with a view to
maintain financial flexibility.
80th Integrated Annual Report
256
2024-25

(₹ in crores) 3. TML fully prepaid ECB loan of US$237.47 million,
As of As of which was due for repayment in June 2025.
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
4. JLR repaid €650 million bond, ¥5 billion China
Total cash and cash
34,349 40,015
equivalent syndicated loan, in addition to £250 million of
Total short-term deposits 6,072 5,202 the loans guaranteed by UKEF which amortise
throughout the year. Also, a tender offer was
Total mutual fund
investments 27,199 13,987 made for the €500 million 6.875% senior notes due
November 2026, the $650 million 5.875% senior
Total liquid assets 67,620 59,204
notes due January 2028 and the $500 million
The auto cash (Including Lease liabilities) as at March 5.500% senior notes due July 2029. A total of c.
31, 2025 of ₹1,018 crores as compared to net auto debt £330 million equivalent of notes were tendered
₹16,022 crores as at March 31, 2024. under the offer.
We will continue to invest for domestic business to 5. TML Holdings Pte Ltd signed a Facility Agreement of
cater to increasing demand, launch new products £275 million, of which £215 million is a syndicated
and technologies and explore new business avenues. loan facility, with a 12-month bullet maturity. The
Jaguar Land Rover has cumulative investment plans of balance £60 million is a Committed Revolving Credit
£18 billion until FY28 in its industrial footprint, vehicle Facility (RCF) for 24 months to support liquidity. As
programmes, autonomous, AI and digital technologies at March 31, 2025, the Facility remains unutilized.
and people skills, as a part of its Reimagine strategy. The
6. Bank borrowings continued to be the major source
investment plans of Jaguar Land Rover will be continued
for long-term funding and TMFHL along with its
to be funded from internal accruals. Tata Motors Ltd
subsidiaries (TMF Group) raised ₹8,302 crores
(TML) and Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Ltd (TMPVL)
(including External Commercial Borrowings).
expects to meet the investments primarily out of their
own operating cash flows. Capital investments in Tata 7. Our subsidiaries TML Smart City Mobility Solutions
Passenger Electric Mobility Ltd (TPEML) are well funded Ltd, TML CV Mobility Solutions Ltd and TML Smart
in the near term from the funds received from TPG City Mobility Solutions J&K Pvt Ltd, raised funds
Rise Climate in line with the strategy roadmap. Any for funding e-buses towards GCC contracts. A
additional funding requirements if needed, can be met cumulative amount of ₹837 crores was raised for a
through loans, incentives and other means from time term of 8-10 years through banks.
to time. Despite significantly higher investments and
During FY25:
multiple headwinds, we are expecting our business to
be self-sustaining and we aim sustain net cash. 1. TML repaid NCD of ₹600 crores on due dates.
5.75% Senior Notes USD 138 million (issued in
Long-term funding October 2014) matured and were fully repaid.
Further unsecured bank term Loan of ₹100 crores
In FY24 and FY25, the funding requirements were largely
was repaid during the year.
met through internal accruals and details of major
funding and repayments during FY24 and FY25 are 2. TML raised ₹2,000 crores by issuing Non-
provided below. Convertible Debentures on a private placement
basis. The proceeds of the issue will be utilised
During FY24:
for refinancing of long term debt and for general
1. TML made a tender offer to External Commercial business purposes.
Borrowing Bond Holders for purchase for cash the
3. JLR repaid €500 million bond, $798 million syndicate
outstanding US$250 million 5.75% senior notes.
loan, in addition to £198 million of the loans
US$111.94 million in aggregate principal amount of
guaranteed by UKEF which amortise throughout
the ECB Bonds were validly tendered pursuant to
the year, with the first tranche fully repaid.
the Offer and were prepaid.
4. JLR refinanced the Revolving Credit Facility for
2. TML completed the sale of 9.9% stake in its
£1.66 billion, with £0.62 billion maturing in October
subsidiary Tata Technologies Ltd (TTL) resulting in
2027 and £1.04 billion maturing in October 2029.
cash inflow of ₹1,614 crores. Further, pursuant to
The entire facility remained unutilized as at March
the Initial Public Offer of TTL, TML sold 46,275,000
31, 2025.
Equity Shares in TTL resulting in a cash inflow of
₹2,199 crores.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
257 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Management Discussion and Analysis
5. JLR prepaid two loans for ¥1.5 billion each with projects, issuing new securities, changes in management,
local banks in China maturing in December 2025. In mergers, sales of undertakings and investments in
January 2025, JLR signed a new term loan at a value subsidiaries. Lender approval – demerger and TMF. In
of $500 million, which increased to $650 million in addition, certain negative covenants may limit our ability
March 2025 due to a $150 million accordion. to borrow additional funds or to incur additional liens,
and/or provide for increased costs in case of breach.
6. Jaguar Land Rover Ltd had sold receivables of $562
Certain financing arrangements also include financial
million equivalent under the approximately $900
covenants to maintain certain net- worth, earnings,
million committed of invoice discounting facility,
liability, debt related ratios and maintenance of debt
which was renewed in September 2024. Under the
service reserve accounts.
terms of this facility receivables are accounted as
sold (through trade receivables in working capital) We monitor compliance with our financial covenants
and therefore not accounted as debt under IFRS. on an ongoing basis. We also review our refinancing
strategy and continue to plan for deployment of long-
7. Our subsidiaries TML Smart City Mobility Solutions
term funds to address any potential non-compliance and
Ltd and TML Smart City Mobility Solutions (J&K)
seek any waivers, if required. For FY25, the Company is
Pvt Ltd raised funds for funding e-buses towards
in compliance with the covenants.
GCC contracts. A cumulative amount of ₹204
crores was raised in FY25 for a term of 8-10 years Certain debt issued by Jaguar Land Rover is subject
through banks. An amount of ₹82 crores (including to customary covenants and events of default, which
₹40 crores in TML CV Mobility Solutions Limited) include, among other things, minimum liquidity
was repaid in FY25. The banks have also sanctioned requirement in the case of the UKEF facilities and
fund based working capital limits of ₹25 crores the GBP 1.66 billion revolving credit facility. UKEF
in FY25. facilities also contains restrictions or limitations on the
amount of cash that may be transferred outside of the
Short-term funding Jaguar Land Rover Group in the form of dividends, loans or
As at March 31, 2025, the secured fund based working investments to TML and its subsidiaries. These are referred
capital limits of TML, TMPVL and TPEML were ₹4,000 to as “restricted payments” in the relevant Jaguar Land Rover
crores, ₹1,800 crores and ₹1,200 crores, respectively of financing documentation. The amount of cash which may
which ₹2,920 crores, ₹1,260 crores and ₹1,200 crores be transferred as restricted payments from the Jaguar Land
remained unutilized. Unsecured fund based working Rover Group to the Company and its subsidiaries is limited to
capital limits of TML, TMPVL and TPEML were at ₹10,000 25% of it’s Profit After Tax (“PAT”).
crores, ₹100 crores and ₹200 crores which remained
To effect the upcoming demerger, we require approval
fully unutilized. The non-fund based limits of TML,
from various lenders and financial institutions. All approvals
TMPVL and TPEML were ₹4,500 crores, ₹1,000 crores
required so far have been timely received.
and ₹600 crores, respectively. Certain limits outlined
above can be used interchangeably between fund based As at March 31, 2025, the estimated amount that is available
and non-fund based. Our subsidiaries have sufficient for dividend payments, other distributions and restricted
fund based and non-fund based arrangements to meet payments was approximately £400 million.
their requirements. The working capital limit provided
by consortium of banks are secured by hypothecation
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR
of entire current assets including, stocks of inventory
ADEQUACY
whether lying in the Borrower’s premises or in transit or
at any other place, receivables, book debts including the We have an adequate system of internal controls in place.
proceeds thereof on realisation and all other movables We have documented policies and procedures covering
which are in the nature of current assets of the Borrower, all financial and operating functions. These controls have
both present and future. The working capital limits are been designed to provide a reasonable assurance regarding
renewed annually. maintaining of proper accounting controls for ensuring
reliability of financial reporting, monitoring of operations,
Loan Covenants and protecting assets from unauthorized use or losses,
compliances with regulations. We have continued our
Some of our financing agreements and debt
efforts to align all our processes and controls with global
arrangements set limits on and/or require prior lender
best practices.
consent for, among other things, undertaking new
80th Integrated Annual Report
258
2024-25

Some significant features of the internal control of The Board takes responsibility for the overall process of
systems are: risk management throughout the organization. Through an
Enterprise Risk Management program, our business units and
• The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors,
corporate functions address risks through an institutionalized
comprising entirely of independent directors and
approach aligned to our objectives. This is facilitated
functional since August 1988, regularly reviews the
by internal audit. The Business risk is managed through
audit plans, significant audit findings, adequacy of
cross functional involvement and communication across
internal controls, compliance with accounting standards
businesses. The results of the risk assessment are presented
as well as reasons for changes in accounting policies and
to the senior management. The Risk Management Committee
practices, if any;
reviews business risk areas covering operational, financial,
• Documentation of major business processes and testing strategic and regulatory risks.
thereof including financial closing, computer controls
There have been no changes in our internal control over
and entity level controls, as part of compliance program
financial reporting that occurred during the period covered
as required under the Companies Act, 2013;
by this annual report that have materially affected, or are
• Robust Enterprise Resource Planning, supplier relations reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
management and customer relations management financial reporting.
connect our different locations, dealers and vendors for
During FY25, we assessed the effectiveness of the Internal
efficient and seamless information exchange. We also
Control over Financial Reporting and has determined that
maintain a comprehensive information security policy
our Internal Control over Financial Reporting as at March 31,
and undertakes continuous upgrades to our IT systems;
2025, is effective.
• Detailed business plans for each segment, investment
strategies, year-on-year reviews, annual financial HUMAN RESOURCES / INDUSTRIAL
and operating plans and monthly monitoring are
RELATIONS
part of the established practices for all operating and
service functions; At Tata Motors, people remain at the core of everything
we do. Their passion, capabilities, and commitment are
• A well-established, independent, multi-disciplinary
the foundation of our success and our biggest competitive
Internal Audit team operates in line with governance
advantage. With a steadfast focus on being the employer of
best practices. It reviews and reports to management
choice in the Indian automotive industry, we are fostering an
and the Audit Committee about compliance with
empowering culture that enables every employee to unlock
internal controls and the efficiency and effectiveness of
their full potential.
operations as well as the key process risks. The scope and
authority of the Internal Audit division is derived from As a learning organization, we are investing in hyper-
the Internal Audit Charter, duly approved by the Audit personalised learning pathways, offering diverse experiences
Committee; and Anti-fraud programs including whistle and continuous development opportunities across functions
blower mechanisms are operative across the Company; and career stages. From frontline teams to future leaders,
we are nurturing a future-fit, future-ready workforce—agile,
• Adopted three Line of Defence model. The 1st line of skilled, and aligned to the evolving needs of the industry.
defence, ensures implementation of desired Internal We are also reimagining the employee experience by
Controls and Risk Management practices. The 2nd line driving digital transformation across the employee lifecycle,
of defence assist in determination of Risk Capacity, simplifying processes, and enhancing access through intuitive,
Appetite, Process and Procedures and facilitate tech-enabled platforms.
oversight, monitoring and reporting on Risk and
Controls. The 3rd line of defence is the internal audit, Through purposeful inclusion, we are committed to building
a diverse, equitable, and collaborative workplace where
which provides Independent and Objective assurance
every voice matters and every individual thrives. As we
to the Audit Committee on overall effectiveness of Risk
move forward, the trails of agility, digital mind-set, customer
Management, Internal Control and Compliance activities
centricity, and collaboration continue to define the way
and recommendations on improvements required;
we work—fuelling excellence and shaping the future of
• An ongoing program, for the reinforcement of the Tata mobility together.
Code of Conduct is prevalent across the organization.
The Code covers integrity of financial reporting, ethical Building a Strong Workforce
conduct, regulatory compliance, conflicts of interest’s
We employed approximately 86,259 and 84,166 permanent
review and reporting of concerns.
employees as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
259 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Management Discussion and Analysis
The average number of flexible (temporary, trainee and curve. These initiatives not only build strategic capabilities
contractual) employees for FY25 was approximately 35,228 but also foster a culture of self-driven learning and growth.
compared to 38,660 (including joint operations) in FY24.
TALENT MANAGEMENT
BUILDING AN EFFECTIVE ORGANISATIONAL
At Tata Motors, we are committed to building a strong
CULTURE leadership pipeline and nurturing talent across all levels to
create a true Talent Factory. Through our annual Organizational
At Tata Motors, culture is a powerful catalyst that fuels
& Talent Review and robust succession planning, we identify
performance, optimizes potential, and helps us attract and
and develop potential leaders for critical roles. Development
retain top talent. Our cultural transformation is anchored in
programmes are designed based on talent assessments and
the “More When One” framework, built on four core pillars:
are delivered in partnership with premier global business
Be Bold, Solve Together, Own It, and Be Empathetic. These
schools, TMTC, and other knowledge partners. Initiatives
guiding principles shape our day-to-day interactions and long-
such as Leadership Trails 2.0 for senior leadership and Inner
term aspirations, enabling us to deliver exceptional employee
Circle, for high-potential mid- and junior-level managers are
and business outcomes.
examples of our focused leadership development efforts. We
To bring these pillars to life, we have identified eight distinct offer a fast-track career growth programme for junior-level
leadership behaviours—Agility, Risk Taking, Owner’s Mindset, staff aspiring for higher-level roles, featuring a dedicated
Empowerment, Collaboration, Accountability, Embrace two-year development journey that includes multiple cross-
Diversity, and Passion for Customers—that serve as actionable functional stints, a General Management Programme with a
anchors across the organization. premier management institute, and leadership development
interventions with esteemed external partners. We also
We have adopted a consistent and inclusive approach to
promote internal mobility through job rotations and our
our Employee Culture Survey, empowering our people to
Career Explore portal, offering cross-functional and cross-
voice their perspectives and actively contribute to shaping
location opportunities.
our culture. The survey tracks three critical dimensions:
engagement, culture pillar scores, and change management In line with our vision of becoming a learning organization,
effectiveness. The results guide our efforts and reflect the we actively support higher education for employees. Over
growing momentum in our culture transformation journey. 1,350 employees are currently pursuing diplomas, B.Tech,
M.Tech, MBAs, and Ph.Ds in areas like AI/ML, EV Technology,
Through conscious, organization-wide efforts and active
and Customer Excellence—enhancing both individual and
employee participation, we have seen a marked improvement
organizational capabilities.
in overall engagement scores—reinforcing the belief that
a strong culture not only drives results but also creates a
SKILL DEVELOPMENT
meaningful workplace experience.
In our pursuit of excellence in craftsmanship and
CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT manufacturing, we continue to strengthen our focus on skill
enhancement to deliver high-quality products. To keep pace
Aligned with our cultural aspiration of being Bold, we
with rapid technological disruptions and evolving market
are committed to preparing our workforce to be future-
demands, we have implemented the ‘Future of Workplace’
ready—embracing agility and risk-taking as core behaviours.
strategy. This initiative equips our workforce with future-
Empowering employees through continuous development is
ready skills in areas such as High Voltage (Electric Vehicles),
central to this commitment. We are focused on enhancing
Mechatronics (Industry 4.0), Auto Electronics, and Vehicle
their functional, managerial, and leadership capabilities,
Communication. Alongside reskilling our permanent
ensuring they remain future-fit in a dynamic environment.
employees, we are building a digitally enabled, agile,
The Tata Motors Academy plays a pivotal role in designing and young talent pipeline through our flagship full-time
and delivering capability-building interventions across the apprenticeship programme in new craftsman trades.
organization. It caters to diverse workforce segments through
We have also introduced an industry-first ‘Earn n Learn’
tailored learning modules in Functional Excellence, Leadership
initiative under the brand name Kaushalya. This programme
Development, and Organization-wide Capability Building.
recruits ITI/XII students, trains them in basic skills, and places
The Academy’s efforts are anchored in four key functional them on shopfloor On-the-Job Training (OJT). Over 2–3 years,
pillars—Customer Excellence, Product Leadership, participants pursue a ‘Diploma in Mechatronics,’ attending
Operational Excellence, and Management Education. Special classes once a week and gaining hands-on experience five
emphasis is placed on priority areas such as ACESS, AI, Digital, days a week. The curriculum and OJT are specifically designed
Industry 4.0, and ESG, helping employees stay ahead of the to develop skills in EVs and Industry 4.0. Graduates of the
80th Integrated Annual Report
260
2024-25

Kaushalya programme are subsequently employed by our collaboration with our business partners, fostering
channel partners and vendors, creating a robust talent mutual respect, shared responsibility, and transparency
ecosystem for the future. Over the past three years, the among employees.
program has benefited more than 16,000 individuals and more
than 1,672 trainees have been placed across the ecosystem. C) ACCELERATING THE JOURNEY AT TPEM SANAND-2
Following its successful acquisition and assimilation of
INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS
Sanand-2 into Tata Motors, the new facility has now
We have labour unions for our technicians at all our plants transitioned into full-fledged production. This marks a
across India except the Dharwad plant. The Company significant milestone in our growth journey. To enable
maintains cordial relations with its employees at its factories a seamless integration and empower the workforce,
and offices and has been supported by the unions in the multiple initiatives have been rolled out across key
implementation of several reforms to improve safety, quality, focus areas—Culture, Capability Building, Higher
cost erosion and enhance productivity across all locations. Education, Health & Well-being, and Collaboration &
Technicians and unions have supported business continuity Communication. These efforts are aimed at fostering a
to achieve productivity levels during challenging times caused cohesive work environment, aligned with Tata Motors’
by COVID-19 and the semi-conductor supply chain crisis.
values, and building a future-ready, engaged workforce.
Employee wages are paid in accordance with the wage
settlements signed that have varying terms (typically three DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
to five years) at different locations. The expiration dates of
At our organization, we firmly believe that diversity, equity,
the wage agreements for various locations/subsidiaries are
and inclusion (DEI) are essential drivers of innovation. By
as below:
embracing varied perspectives and lived experiences from
across different backgrounds, we create a workplace culture
Wage Agreement valid
Location/subsidiaries
until that encourages creativity, collaboration, and breakthrough
Jaguar Land Rover – UK Plants 31-Oct -25 thinking. To formalize our commitment, in FY24 we introduced
Mumbai 31-Dec-25 a dedicated DEI brand identity — DEIsha — which serves as the
Pune – Passenger Vehicles 31-Aug-25 anchor for all DEI-related initiatives across the organization.
Pantnagar – Commercial Vehicles 31-Mar-26 In FY25, we launched the Lighthouse Framework, designed to
Lucknow – Commercial Vehicles 31-Mar-28 assess and advance progress across ten critical focus areas
of DEI.
Sanand – Passenger Vehicles 31-July-28
Pune – Commercial Vehicles 31-Aug-25 Some of the key initiatives this year include:
Jamshedpur – Commercial Vehicles 31-Mar-26
• Inclusive Policies: All organizational policies were
Sanand 2 – TPEM 31-Mar-28
reviewed and made gender-neutral. Along with updates
on our Sabbatical policy, two more policies — Utkarsha
A) LONG-TERM WAGE SETTLEMENTS (LTS)
and Vidyadhan — were introduced to support our
Tata Motors fosters strong and collaborative industrial internal employees in need of genuine assistance for
relations with its seven unions, representing over
capability development.
15,000 technicians. Open dialogue, mutual respect,
and joint forums help address challenges and align on • Net Promoter Score / Culture and Engagement: We
shared goals. In FY25, five long-term, productivity- launched DEI Round Robbin — a structured engagement
linked settlements were successfully signed at Lucknow, initiative where women employees across locations
Sanand-1, Sanand-2 and TMBSL Lucknow & Dharwad— participated in conversations around our cultural values.
reflecting our commitment to inclusive growth,
• Capability Development: DEIsha rolled out the second
future-readiness, and sustained partnership between
cohort of empowHER, a flagship empowerment program
management and workforce.
for women professionals at L4 and L5 levels. A total of 78
women have embarked on this journey.
B) BONUS
Bonus settlements have been signed at all locations, • Enabling Persons with Disabilities (PWD): We worked on
based on a formula-driven calculation linked to PWD inclusion and onboarded ~ 141 PWD employees
improvements in profitability, productivity, safety, and across locations such as Pune, Jamshedpur, and Dharwad
quality. Beyond enhancing operational efficiency, this and Lucknow. As of March 31, 2025, a total of 166 PWDs
initiative significantly strengthens engagement and are contributing to our workforce.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
261 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Management Discussion and Analysis
• Sensitization: Over 1,200 identified people managers have developed programmes to achieve anchor organisation
have participated in ONEderful Conversations — a half- status, improving the health and wellbeing of our colleagues,
day, facilitator-led workshops designed to build inclusive and agency and supply chain partners, working with local
leadership capabilities. health services and the communities we are part of across
the globe.
Launched in November 2023, empowHER is a pioneering
initiative by Tata Motors to support and empower women We offer all colleagues access to a range of services to help
talent. The programme addresses the unique challenges them look after their wellbeing. These services include
women face at work and beyond, offering tools and insights musculoskeletal, mental health, nutrition, fitness, sleep,
through interactive sessions. In FY25, it engaged few addiction, mindfulness and other therapies as well as financial
women across L3, L4, and L5 levels, focusing on leadership, information and support. In the UK, we also offer mental
communication, negotiation, work-life balance, and mental health training for managers and colleagues and have trained
well-being. Participants benefitted from personalised more than 200 Mental Health First Aiders since launching the
coaching, mentorship, and a supportive peer network. programme in early 2024.
The programme encouraged self-reflection, helped build
We have a global approach to wellbeing and have created
confidence, and strengthened leadership capabilities. Action
eight regional Wellbeing Centres in three different countries
plans were created to align with individual goals. Feedback
that allow us to deliver bespoke programmes across all our
shared internally and externally reflected highly positive
markets. We supported our employees with over 32,000
experiences. empowHER has contributed significantly to
individualised sessions. One UK based health coaching
fostering an inclusive culture and advancing gender diversity
programme, LeadWell, supported 1,500 colleagues and
at Tata Motors.
achieved satisfaction rates of up to +92 NPS.
Jaguar Land Rover
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
Safety
Nothing is more important than our people and their
Our core aim is to maintain a workplace where Zero Harm experiences. We have made incredible strides in nurturing
is consistently achieved. We continue to focus on our three
a workplace that is welcoming and rewarding for everyone,
safety pillars of Safe Place, Safe Systems and Safe People,
where training, coaching and new policies support people
which provide the framework for our approach to continual
with opportunities to grow and thrive.
improvement on our glidepath to Zero Harm. Our Zero Harm
Metric tracks our progress on this journey, and over the past Diversity, Equity and Inclusion is becoming an ever-
12 months we have seen a sustained gradual improvement in challenging topic globally; however, we believe that we must
the metric - a reflection of the reduced number of accidents reflect the diversity of the world in which our colleagues and
in our workplaces over the last year. The Zero Harm Metric is clients live. We are committed to our cultural transformation
tracked at Board level as one of the Enterprise KPIs. to create a positive, inclusive environment where everyone
feels respected, valued and cared for.
We continue to focus on our internal auditing programmes
and data aggregation and analysis capabilities to understand To do this we are taking action to make tangible impact,
where there are opportunities for further improvement. measured against three internal ambitions:
Our programme of safety process automation contributes
AMBITION 1 -
to us meeting the requirements set out in our Safety
Management System, allowing us to monitor and analyse Globally, 30% of all senior leaders to be female, by 2030. FY25
data in real-time, quickly identifying and addressing potential performance is 21%
issues and further contributing to our culture of safety and
This is an increase of 3% from last year.
continuous improvement.
Our Safety Management System is continually refined to AMBITION 2 -
provide an effective framework for safety organisation, and
In the UK, 15% of all senior leaders to be from a Black, Asian
our commitment to maintaining the highest standards of
or Mixed Ethnicity background, by 2030. FY25 performance
occupational health, safety and wellbeing for our colleagues,
is 7%
partners and clients is reflected in our continued certification
to ISO45001. This is the same percentage as last year.
AMBITION 3 -
Health and Wellbeing
Globally, for our Inclusion Index to reach over 85 by 2026.
We are advancing our health and wellbeing activities to
FY25 performance is 83
progress our aspiration to be recognised as a global leader. We
80th Integrated Annual Report
262
2024-25

This is an increase of 3 points from last year. In 2024, we also held our first International Women’s and
Automotive Collective with three of our semi-conductor
(This asks colleagues to rate the statement in our annual
suppliers, to begin creating an inclusive environment
employee engagement survey “I would recommend JLR as an
throughout our entire ecosystem.
inclusive employer”.)
Our two Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Board co-sponsors,
The target date to achieve ambitions 1 and 2 has been Barbara Bergmeier and François Dossa, have been a pillar
extended from 2026 to 2030. We recognise that we have to our progress in making an environment where we all feel
more work to do and are allowing time to make further proud to work, ensuring diversity, equity and inclusion is
adjustments and for organic growth. represented at the highest levels of our business. In 2024,
François Dossa made the personal decision to leave JLR and
Our Global Reach step down as our co-sponsor. At this time we welcomed David
Berry, Global General Counsel to be executive sponsor. In
Our global Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) policy details our
early 2025, Barbara Bergmeier made the personal decision
continued commitment to creating a safe, diverse, equitable
to step down in her role as Executive Director, Industrial
and inclusive workplace. Since 2022, our Global DEI team has
Operations, and co-sponsor of DEI, after making a huge impact
been working on our Global Digital Learning Experience in over the past two years. In her place, Swarna Ramanathan
response to the DEI basics learning originally launched in the has now stepped up and taken the role of Board co-sponsor
UK. The objective of this project was to develop a DEI learning alongside David Berry. They will continue to support our 15
that resonates with people across our global locations. In colleague network groups, ensuring that colleagues have
2024, the Global Digital Learning Experience launched across space to share their lived experiences, and learn from one
24 countries and regions, educating on cultural nuances while another’s experiences.
navigating local laws and cultural complexity, which are all at
OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES
different stages of the DEI journey.
Refer Page 26 for Commercial vehicles, Page 34 for Passenger
In September 2024, we hosted our second Diversity, Equity
Vehicles, Page 40 for Electric Vehicles, and Page 50 for Jaguar
and Inclusion Summit, welcoming 960 participants in person,
Land Rover.
and over 6,000 online, spanning 25 countries and 22 watch
parties. This event celebrates the progress we make year on
OUTLOOK:
year and continues to cement our ambition to ensure that
Refer Page 29 for Commercial vehicles, Page 37 for Passenger
all colleagues are supported. The theme for this event was
Vehicles, Page 43 for Electric Vehicles, and Page 53 for Jaguar
‘Inclusion For All’.
Land Rover.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
263 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

RReeppoorrtt oonn CCoorrppoorraattee GGoovveerrnnaannccee
Regulations. Risk management and the internal control
COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE
process are focus areas that continue to meet the progressive
GOVERNANCE
governance standards. The Company has instated a
As a Tata Company, the Company’s philosophy on Corporate comprehensive, robust, IT-enabled compliance management
Governance is founded upon a rich legacy of fair, ethical system for tracking, managing and reporting on compliances
and transparent governance practices, many of which were with all laws and regulations applicable to the Company.
in place even before they were mandated by adopting the The Management on a quarterly basis presents before
highest standards of professionalism, honesty, integrity the Board of Directors a status report on adherence to the
and ethical behaviour. The Company follows the philosophy regulatory compliances, as applicable to the Company.
of building sustainable businesses that are rooted in the
community and demonstrates care for the environment.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
As a global organisation, the Corporate Governance practices
followed by the Company and its subsidiaries are compatible The Board of Directors (‘the Board’) is the apex body,
with international standards and best practices. Through the constituted by the shareholders, for overseeing the
Governance mechanism in the Company, the Board along Company’s overall functioning. The Board provides strategic
with its Committees undertakes its fiduciary responsibilities direction, leadership and guidance to the Management as also
to all its stakeholders by ensuring transparency, fair play and monitors the performance of the Company with the objective
independence in its decision making. of creating long-term value for the various stakeholders and
the Company.
The Company has adopted the Tata Code of Conduct (‘TCoC’)
for its employees, including the Whole-time Directors During the year under review, the composition of the Board
(‘WTDs’), which encompasses an appropriate mechanism was in conformity with Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing
to report any concern pertaining to non-adherence to the Regulations read together with Section 149 and 152 of the
said Code. In addition, the Company has adopted a Code Act and rules framed thereunder. As on March 31, 2025, the
of Conduct for its Non-Executive Directors (‘NEDs’) which Board consisted of nine Directors, out of which eight Directors
includes a Code of Conduct for Independent Directors (88.89%) were NEDs. The Company has a Non-Executive
(‘IDs’), as specified under Schedule IV to the Companies Act, Chairman and seven Independent Directors (‘IDs’), including
2013 (‘the Act’) and Regulation 26(3) of the Securities and three Women IDs. All IDs have confirmed in accordance with
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations that they meet
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’). the independence criteria as mentioned under Regulation
Pursuant to Regulation 26(5) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Section 149 of the
all members of the Senior Management have confirmed that Act and the Rules framed thereunder. The IDs have further
there are no material, financial and commercial transactions stated that they are unaware of any circumstance or situation,
wherein they have a personal interest that may have a which exists or may be reasonably anticipated, that could
potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large. impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties with an
Pursuant to Regulation 26(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, objective independent judgement and without any external
all the Board Members and Senior Management Personnel of influence. The Company has received confirmation from
the Company as on March 31, 2025 have affirmed compliance all the existing IDs of their registration on the Independent
with their respective Codes of Conduct. A Declaration to Directors Database maintained by the Institute of Corporate
this effect, duly signed by the Executive Director (‘ED’) is Affairs pursuant to Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment
reproduced at the end of this Report. and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014. Based on the
disclosures received from all the IDs and as determined at
The Corporate Governance mechanism is further
the Board Meeting held on May 13, 2025, the Board is of the
strengthened with adherence to the Tata Business Excellence
opinion that the IDs fulfill the conditions of Independence as
Model, as a means to drive excellence and the Balanced
specified in the Act, the SEBI Listing Regulations and that they
Scorecard methodology, for tracking progress on long-term
are independent of the Management.
strategic objectives and the adoption of the Tata Code of
Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading and the Code of None of the Directors on the Board hold the office of Director
Corporate Disclosure Practices (‘Prevention of Insider Trading in more than 20 companies, including 10 public companies,
Code’), pursuant to the provisions of Regulations 8 and 9 as disclosed under Section 184 of the Act read with Rules
under the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, framed thereunder and none of the Directors of the Company
2015. The Company has also adopted the Governance are related to each other. None of the IDs serve as IDs in
Guidelines on Board Effectiveness based on the best practices more than seven listed entities. Furthermore, none of the
from both within and outside the Tata Group of Companies. WTDs of the Company serve as IDs in more than three listed
The Company is in full compliance with the requirements entities. In accordance with Regulation 26 of the SEBI Listing
of Corporate Governance norms under the SEBI Listing Regulations, none of the Directors are members in more than
80th Integrated Annual Report
264
2024-25

10 committees or act as chairperson of more than 5 committees (the committees being, Audit Committee and Stakeholders’
Relationship Committee) across all public limited companies in which he/she is a Director. All Non-Independent Directors on the
Board are liable to retire by rotation.
The required information, including information as enumerated in Regulation 17(7) read with Part A of Schedule II of the SEBI
Listing Regulations, is made available to the Board of Directors, for discussion and consideration at Board Meetings.
Pursuant to Regulation 27(2) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company submits a quarterly compliance report on Corporate
Governance to the Indian Stock Exchanges in the format as specified by SEBI, within 30 days from the end of every quarter.
The ED and the Group Chief Financial Officer (‘Group CFO’) have certified to the Board on, inter alia, the accuracy of the
financial statements and adequacy of internal controls for financial reporting, in accordance with Regulation 17(8) read together
with Part B of Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations, pertaining to CEO and CFO certification for the financial year ended
March 31, 2025.
During the year under review, 6 Board Meetings were held on May 10, 2024, June 4, 2024, August 1, 2024, November 8, 2024,
January 29, 2025 and March 13, 2025. The quorum for the meeting of the Board of Directors is one-third of the Board of Directors
or three Directors, whichever is higher, with atleast one ID being present. During the year, the requisite quorum was present for
all the Board Meetings. The agenda papers for the Board and Committee Meetings are disseminated electronically by uploading
them on a secured online application, thereby eliminating circulation of printed agenda papers. The gap between any two Board
Meetings was not more than one hundred and twenty days.
The following table illustrates composition of the Board, attendance of the Directors at the Board Meetings held during the year
under review and at the last Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’), number of directorships and committee positions held in other
public companies, their shareholding in the Company’s shares or other convertible instruments and names of other listed entities
in which Directorships is held, including category of Directorships, as on March 31, 2025:
No. of Board Attendance No. of Directorships No. of Committee Holding in
Name of Director, Director Meetings at the in other public positions in other Company’s shares Directorships in other listed entities
Identification Number (DIN) attended in last AGM held on companies (1) public companies (2) & other convertible (Category of Directorship)
& Category
the year June 24, 2024 (C) (M) (C) (M) instruments
Mr N Chandrasekaran 6 Yes 7 - - - 5,00,000 Tata Chemicals Ltd (NINED) (C)
DIN: 00121863 Equity
Tata Consumer Products Ltd
NINED (C) Shares
(NINED) (C)
Tata Consultancy Services Ltd
(NINED) (C)
Tata Steel Ltd (NINED) (C)
The Tata Power Company
Limited (NINED) (C)
The Indian Hotels Company
Limited (NINED) (C)
Mr Om Prakash Bhatt 6 Yes 2 - 1 2 - Coforge Limited (ID) (C)
DIN: 00548091
Aadhar Housing Finance Limited
ID
(ID) (C)
Ms Hanne Sorensen 6 Yes - 1 - 1 - Tata Consultancy Services
DIN: 08035439 Limited (ID)
ID
Ms Vedika Bhandarkar 6 Yes - 1 - 1 - -
DIN: 00033808
ID (3)
Mr Kosaraju Veerayya 6 Yes 1 6 5 2 - Reliance Industries Limited (ID)
Chowdary CCL Products (India) Limited (ID)
DIN: 08485334 Divi’s Laboratories Limited (ID)
ID Anant Raj Limited (ID)
Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited
(Debt listed) (ID)
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
265 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
No. of Board Attendance No. of Directorships No. of Committee Holding in
Name of Director, Director Meetings at the in other public positions in other Company’s shares Directorships in other listed entities
Identification Number (DIN) attended in last AGM held on companies (1) public companies (2) & other convertible (Category of Directorship)
& Category
the year June 24, 2024 (C) (M) (C) (M) instruments
Mr Al-Noor Ramji 6 Yes - 1 - 1 - Tata Consultancy Services
DIN: 00230865 Limited (ID)
ID
Mrs Usha Sangwan 6 Yes - 6 3 3 - Torrent Power Limited (ID)
DIN:02609263 SBI Life Insurance Company
ID Limited (ID)
Tata Technologies Limited (ID)
Trident Limited (ID)
Mr Bharat Puri 5 Yes - 2 - 1 8,000 Tata Consumer Products Ltd (ID)
DIN: 02173566 Equity Pidilite Industries Limited (MD)
ID (4) Shares
Mr Girish Wagh 5 Yes 1 1 - - 1,57,126 Automobile Corporation of Goa
DIN: 03119361 Equity Limited (NINED)
ED Shares
Table Key: (C) - Chairperson; (M) – Member; NINED – Non-Independent Non-Executive Director;
ID-Independent Director; ED – Executive Director; MD – Managing Director
(1) Excludes directorship held in private companies, foreign companies and Section 8 companies.
(2) Pertains to memberships/chairpersonships held in the Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of other Indian public companies as per
Regulation 26(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
(3) Re-appointed as an ID for the second consecutive term for a period of five years, i.e., from June 26, 2024 to June 25, 2029, vide Special Resolution passed by
the Shareholders at the 79th AGM of the Company held on June 24, 2024.
(4) Appointed as an ID of the Company for a period of 5 years commencing from May 15, 2024 to May 14, 2029, vide Special Resolution passed by the
Shareholders at the 79th AGM of the Company held on June 24, 2024.
The Board of Directors at their Meeting held on Listing Regulations, including their independence from
March 13, 2025, on favourable recommendation of the the Company’s Management; and
Nomination and Remuneration Committee (‘NRC’) appointed
ii. Evaluation of the Board of Directors, its Committees
Mr Guenter Karl Butschek (DIN: 07427375) as an Additional
and individual Directors, including the role of the
Non-Executive Independent Director, for a tenure of 5 years
Board Chairman.
commencing from May 1, 2025, subject to the receipt of
shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming 80th AGM of IDs’ meeting in accordance with the provisions of Section
the Company. 149(8) read with Schedule IV of the Act and Regulation
25(3) and 25(4) of the SEBI Listing Regulations was convened
The recommendations of the Committees are placed before
on March 13, 2025, mainly to review the performance of
the Board for necessary approval. During the year under
Non-Independent Directors and the Board, including the
review, all Committee recommendations placed before the
Committees thereof, the performance of the Board Chairman,
Board of Directors were unanimously accepted.
taking into account the views of Executive and Non-Executive
Directors and assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness of
The Company offered the facility of video conferencing, as
the flow of information between the Management and the
prescribed under Section 173(2) of the Act read together with
Board, including Committees thereof, that was necessary for
Rule 3 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers)
the Board and its Committees to effectively and reasonably
Rules, 2014, to facilitate the Directors travelling or located at
perform their duties.
other locations to participate in the Meetings.
The NRC has formulated a Policy to include criteria of Board
Board Effectiveness Evaluation: Pursuant to the provisions
Effectiveness Evaluation. Pursuant to the provisions of the
of Regulation 17(10) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and
Act, Regulation 17(10) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and
the provisions of the Act, an annual Board effectiveness
Governance Guidelines on Board Effectiveness, the Board
evaluation was conducted on March 13, 2025 for FY25,
has conducted an annual performance evaluation of all the
involving the following:
Directors individually, of its Committees and the Board,
i. Evaluation of IDs, in their absence, by the entire Board, as a whole. The base scorecard of the evaluation was
based on their performance and fulfillment of the Board/ Committee composition and structure, fulfillment of
independence criteria prescribed under the Act and SEBI key responsibilities, effectiveness of process, information and
80th Integrated Annual Report
266
2024-25

functioning, efficacy of communication with stakeholders, consisted of one ED, one NINED and seven IDs, out of
inputs received from all the Directors, etc. The NRC has which three were Women IDs. Whilst recommending the
also reviewed the performance of the Individual Directors appointment of a Director, the NRC considers the manner in
based on their knowledge, level of preparation and effective which, the function and domain expertise of the individual,
participation in meetings, understanding of their role as a could contribute to the overall skill-domain mix of the Board
Director, etc. and is supported by the Tata Group Human Resource Function
in this regard.
Please refer to the paragraph on Board Evaluation in the
Board’s Report for detailed analysis.
Key Board Skills, Expertise and Competencies: As on
Board Diversity: To ensure that a transparent Board March 31, 2025, the Board comprised of qualified members
nomination process is in place, that encourages diversity who bring in the required skills, competence and expertise to
of thought, experience, knowledge, perspective, age and enable them to effectively contribute in deliberations at Board
gender, the Board has adopted a Diversity Policy, formulated and Committee Meetings. The below matrix summarizes
by the NRC, wherein it is stated that the Board has an a mix of skills, expertise and competencies expected to be
appropriate blend of functional and industry expertise. possessed by our individual Directors, which are key to
As on March 31, 2025, our nine member Board of Directors, corporate governance and Board effectiveness:
Key Board Skills/Expertise/Competencies
Entrepreneur / Leadership Extended entrepreneurial / leadership experience for a significant enterprise, resulting in a practical
understanding of organizations, processes, strategic planning and risk management. Strength demonstrated
in developing talent, planning succession and driving change as well as long-term growth.
Engineering and Technology Engineering and the development of new technologies involving application of scientific and mathematical
knowledge to design and to operate objects, systems, and processes to help the Company solve problems
and reach its goals.
Financial Expertise Education and experience as an Auditor or Public Accountant or a principal financial officer, comptroller or
principal accounting officer or holding a position involving performance of similar functions.
Global Exposure Experience in driving business success in markets around the world, with an understanding of diverse
business environments, economic conditions, cultures, and regulatory frameworks, and a broad perspective
on global market opportunities.
Automobile Industry A significant background in automotive or similar industries, resulting in knowledge of how to anticipate
Experience market trends, generate disruptive innovation and extend or create new business models.
Diversity Representation of gender, ethnic, geographic, cultural or other perspectives that expand the Board’s
understanding of the needs and viewpoints of our customers, partners, employees, governments and other
stakeholders worldwide.
Mergers and Acquisitions Experience or record of leading growth through acquisitions and other business combinations, with the
ability to assess ‘build or buy’ decisions, analyze the fit of a target with the Company’s strategy and culture,
accurately value transactions and evaluate plans for operational integration.
Board Service and Governance Service on other public company boards, to develop insights on maintaining board and management
accountability, protecting shareholder interests and observing appropriate governance practices.
Sales and Marketing Experience in developing strategies to grow sales and market share, build brand awareness and equity, as
well as enhance brand reputation.
Entrepreneur/ Engineering Financial Global Automobile Diversity Mergers Board Service Sales
Name of Director Leadership & Expertise Exposure Industry & & &
Technology Experience Acquisitions Governance Marketing
Mr N Chandrasekaran √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √ √
Mr Om Prakash Bhatt √ - √ √ - √ √ √ -
Ms Hanne Sorensen √ - √ √ √ √ √ √ √
Ms Vedika Bhandarkar √ - √ √ √ √ √ √ √
Mr Kosaraju Veerayya Chowdary √ - √ - - √ √ √ -
Mr Al-Noor Ramji √ √ √ √ - √ √ √ √
Mrs Usha Sangwan √ - √ √ - √ √ √ √
Mr Bharat Puri √ √ √ √ - √ √ √ √
Mr Girish Wagh √ √ - - √ √ √ √ √
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
267 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
Familiarisation Programme: Pursuant to the provisions - Draft Audit Report, qualifications, if any and
of Regulation 25(7) and Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing significant adjustments arising out of audit;
Regulations, kindly refer to the Company’s website https://
- Scrutinize inter corporate loans and investments;
www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/
familiarisation-programme-independent-directors.pdf for - Disclosures made under the CEO and CFO
details of the familiarisation programme for IDs on their certification; and
role, rights, responsibilities in the Company, nature of the
- Approval or any subsequent modification of
industry in which the Company operates, business model of
transactions with related parties, including
the Company and related matters.
omnibus related party transactions.
THE COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD ii. Review the statement of uses/applications of funds
by major category and the statement of funds utilized
Given below is the composition and the terms of reference
for purposes other than as mentioned in the offer
of various Committees constituted by the Board, inter alia,
document/prospectus/notice and the report submitted
including the details of meetings held during the year and
by the monitoring agency monitoring the utilization of
attendance thereat. All Committee decisions are taken, either
proceeds of a public or rights or private placement issue,
at the meetings of the Committee or by passing of circular
and make appropriate recommendations to the Board
resolutions. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary
to take up steps in this matter. These reviews are to be
for all the Committees. The Chairperson of each Committee
briefs the Board on significant discussions at the meetings. conducted till the money raised through the issue has
During the year under review, all recommendations made been fully spent.
by the various Committees were accepted by the Board.
iii. Review with the management, Statutory Auditors and
The minutes of the meetings of all Committees of the Board
internal auditor, adequacy of internal control systems,
are placed before the Board for noting.
identify weakness or deficiencies and recommending
improvements to the management.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
iv. Recommend the appointment/removal of the Statutory
The Audit Committee functions according to its Charter
Auditors, cost auditor, fixing audit fees and approving
that defines its composition, authority, responsibility and
non-audit/consulting services provided by the Statutory
reporting functions, in accordance with Section 177 of
Auditors’ firms to the Company and its subsidiaries;
the Act, Regulation 18(3) read with Part C of Schedule II
evaluating auditors’ performance, qualifications,
of the SEBI Listing Regulations and is reviewed from time
experience, independence and pending proceedings
to time. The detailed terms of reference of the Audit
relating to professional misconduct, if any.
Committee is available on the Company’s website at https://
www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/ v. Review the adequacy of internal audit function, including
audit_committee_charter.pdf Given below is a gist of the the structure of the internal audit department, staffing
responsibilities of the Audit Committee, after incorporating and seniority of the Chief Internal Auditor, coverage
therein all applicable regulatory amendments: and frequency of internal audit, appointment, removal,
performance and terms of remuneration of the Chief
i. Reviewing with the Management, quarterly/annual
Internal Auditor.
financial statements before submission to the Board,
focusing primarily on: vi. Discuss with the internal auditor and senior
management, significant internal audit findings and
- The Company’s financial reporting process and the
follow-up thereon.
disclosure of its financial information, including
earnings, press release, to ensure that the financial vii. Review the findings of any internal investigation into
statements are correct, sufficient and credible; matters involving suspected fraud or irregularity or a
failure of internal control systems of a material nature
- Reports on the Management Discussion and
and report the matter to the Board.
Analysis of financial condition, results of Operations
and the Directors’ Responsibility Statement; viii. Discuss with the Statutory Auditors before the audit
commences, the nature and scope of audit, as well as
- Major accounting entries involving estimates based
conduct post-audit discussions to ascertain any area
on exercise of judgment by Management;
of concern.
- Compliance with accounting standards and
ix. Review the functioning of the Vigil Mechanism under
changes in accounting policies and practices as well
the Whistle-Blower Policy of the Company.
as reasons thereof;
80th Integrated Annual Report
268
2024-25

x. Review the financial statements and investments made The composition of the Audit Committee and attendance
by subsidiary companies and subsidiary oversight relating of its Members at the Meetings held during their tenure is
to areas such as adequacy of the internal audit structure as follows:
and function of the subsidiaries, their status of audit
No. of Meetings No. of
plan and its execution, key internal audit observations,
Name of the Member Category held during Meetings
risk management and the control environment. tenure attended
Ms Vedika Bhandarkar ID 7 7
xi. Look into reasons for any substantial defaults in payment (Chairperson)
to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders
Mr Om Prakash Bhatt ID 7 7
(in case of non-payment of declared dividend) and
Ms Hanne Sorensen ID 7 7
creditors, if any.
Mr Kosaraju Veerayya ID 7 7
xii. Review the effectiveness of the system for monitoring Chowdary
compliance with laws and regulations. Mr Al-Noor Ramji ID 7 6
Mrs Usha Sangwan ID 7 7
xiii. Approve the appointment of CFO after assessing
Mr Bharat Puri (1) ID 4 4
the qualification, experience and background etc. of
the candidate. (1) Appointed as a member of the Audit Committee with effect from
August 1, 2024.
xiv. To approve and review policies in relation to the
The Committee meetings are held at the Company’s
implementation of the Prevention of Insider Trading
Corporate Office or at its plant locations and are attended by
Code to note the dealings by Designated Persons in
the ED, Group CFO, Senior Management, Company Secretary,
securities of the Company and to provide directions on
Head - Internal Audit, Statutory Auditors and Cost Auditors
any penal action to be initiated, in case of any violation
on a need based basis. The Business and Operation
of the said Code.
Heads are invited to the meetings, as and when required.
xv. Note and take on record the status reports, detailing The Head - Internal Audit reports directly to the Audit
the dealings by designated persons in listed securities Committee to ensure independence of the Internal Audit
of the Company, as submitted by our compliance officer function. The Members of the Audit Committee meet the
on a quarterly basis and to provide directions on any Statutory Auditors before the quarterly financial results
penalties for any violations of the Insider Trading Code. meetings. The ED during the year was permanent invitee to
Audit Committee Meetings.
xvi. Perform other activities related to the Audit charter
as requested by the Board from time to time, as well The Committee relies on the expertise and knowledge of the
as, all other activities as mandated to be conducted Management, the Chief Internal Auditor and the Statutory
Auditors, in carrying out its oversight responsibilities. It also
by the Audit Committee, as per the applicable
uses external expertise, if required. The Management is
regulatory requirements.
responsible for the preparation, presentation and integrity of
As on date of this Report, the Committee comprises of the Company’s financial statements, including consolidated
7 Members, all being IDs, who are financially literate and statements, accounting and financial reporting principles.
have relevant finance and/or audit exposure. The quorum of Further, they are also responsible for internal control over
the Committee is two members or one-third of its members, financial reporting and all procedures are designed to ensure
whichever is higher. compliance with accounting standards, applicable laws and
regulations as well as for objectively reviewing and evaluating
The Chairperson of the Audit Committee was present at the
the adequacy, effectiveness and quality of the Company’s
last AGM of the Company. During the period under review,
system of internal controls.
7 Audit Committee Meetings were held on May 9, 2024,
June 4, 2024, July 31, 2024 which was adjourned and B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm
reconvened on August 1, 2024, November 7, 2024, Registration No. 101248 W/W – 100022), the Company’s
January 28, 2025, February 12, 2025 which was adjourned Statutory Auditors, appointed by the Shareholders of the
and reconvened on February 13, 2025 and March 25, 2025. Company at the 77th AGM held on July 4, 2022, for a second
The requisite quorum was present for all the Meetings. consecutive term of 5 years, is responsible for performing an
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
269 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
independent audit of the financial statements and expressing of identification of prospective directors, the Committee
an opinion on the conformity of those financial statements may be supported by Group Human Resources;
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India.
- Recommend on voting on resolutions for appointment
Furthermore, the Company on March 13, 2025 intended to and remuneration of Directors on the Boards of its
appoint Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP as Statutory Auditors from material subsidiary companies and provide guidelines
FY28. The press release can be accessed on the Company’s for remuneration of Directors on material subsidiaries;
website at https://www.tatamotors.com/intimation-to-
- Identify and recommend to the Board, appointment
stock-exchanges/
or removal of Key Managerial Personnel (’KMP’) and
The Audit Committee annually reviews the confirmation of Senior Management of the Company in accordance with
independence made by the Auditors and on a quarterly basis the criteria laid down. In case of appointment of CFO,
also approves of the fees paid to the Auditors by the Company, the Committee shall identify persons, based on select
and its subsidiaries as per the Policy for Approval of Services criteria and recommend the appointment of the CFO
to be rendered by Auditors. The said Policy is also available on to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of
the Company’s website at https://static-assets.tatamotors. the Company;
com/Production/www-tatamotors-com-NEW/wp-content/
- Carry out evaluation of every Director’s performance
uploads/2024/05/auditfee-policy.pdf. The Company rotates
and support the Board, its Committees and individual
its Audit partner responsible for its Audit every 5 years, apart
Directors, including “Formulation of criteria for
from the statutory requirement of rotating the Audit Firm
evaluation of Independent Directors and the Board”;
every 10 years, to ensure independence in the audit function.
- Oversee the performance review process for the KMP
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION and Senior Management of the Company with a view
that there is an appropriate cascading of Company’s
COMMITTEE (‘NRC’)
goals and targets as well as on an annual basis review
The NRC of the Company functions according to its terms of
the performance of the Directors, KMPs, Senior
reference, its objectives, composition, meeting requirements,
Management and recommend their remuneration;
authority and power, responsibilities, reporting and
evaluation functions in accordance with Section 178 of the - Recommend to the Board on the extension or
Act and Regulation 19 read with Part D of Schedule II of continuation of the term of appointment of IDs, based
the SEBI Listing Regulations. The gist or terms of reference on the report of performance evaluation of the IDs;
enumerated in the Committee Charter, after incorporating
- Recommend the Remuneration Policy for Directors,
therein all applicable regulatory amendments, are as follows:
KMP, Senior Management and other employees;
- Recommend to the Board the set up and composition of
- Review matters related to voluntary retirement and
the Board and its Committees including the “Formulation
early separation schemes;
of the criteria for determining qualifications,
positive attributes and independence of a director”. - Extend oversight on the familiarisation programme
The Committee periodically reviews the composition of of Directors;
the Board with the objective of achieving an optimum
- Extend oversight on the HR philosophy, HR and People
balance of size, skills, independence, knowledge, age,
strategy and key HR practices;
gender, diversity, time commitment and experience;
- Administering, monitoring and formulating detailed
- For appointment of IDs, the NRC shall evaluate the
terms and conditions of the Employee Stock Option
balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the
Scheme / plans adopted by the Company;
Board and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare
a description of the role and capabilities required. - Perform other activities related to the NRC charter as
The person recommended to the Board for appointment requested by the Board from time to time, as well as,
as an ID shall have the capabilities identified in all other activities as mandated to be conducted by the
such description; NRC, as per the applicable regulatory requirements.
- Support the Board in matters related to the setup, As on the date of this Report, the Committee comprises of
review and refresh of the Committees; 2 IDs and 1 NINED. The Chairperson of the NRC attended the
last AGM of the Company. During the year under review,
- Devise and review a Policy on Board diversity;
3 NRC Meetings were held on May 10, 2024, August 1, 2024
- Recommend the appointment/ reappointment or and March 13, 2025. The requisite quorum was present for all
removal of Directors, criteria laid down. For the purpose the Meetings.
80th Integrated Annual Report
270
2024-25

The composition of the NRC and attendance of its Members Committees thereof or for any other purpose whatsoever
at the Meetings held during their tenure is as follows: as may be decided by the Board, and reimbursement of
expenses for participation in these meetings.
No. of
No. of Meetings
Name of the Member Category Meetings • In view of the Company’s improved performance, positive
held during tenure
attended
outlook and the valuable services being rendered by
Mr Om Prakash Bhatt ID 3 3
the Directors to the Company, the shareholders at the
(Chairperson)
78th AGM of the Company, held on August 8, 2023,
Ms Hanne Sorensen ID 3 3
approved the remuneration payable to the NEDs/IDs, in
Mr N Chandrasekaran NINED 3 3 the event of no/inadequacy of profit for FY24 and FY25
calculated under Section 198 of the Act, provided that
Remuneration Policy
the aggregate of such remuneration shall not exceed
The Remuneration Policy of the Company is designed to 1% of the net profit for each of the financial years
create a high-performance culture. It enables the Company 2022-23, 2023-24 and 2024-25 calculated in terms of the
to attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve audited financial statements of the Company prepared
results. Our business model promotes customer centricity in accordance with the applicable Indian Accounting
and requires employee mobility to address project needs. Standards (“Ind AS”), for each of the above said three
The remuneration policy supports such mobility through financial years and would not exceed more than 10%
pay models that are compliant to local regulations. In each of the remuneration paid to them for the immediately
country where the Company operates, the remuneration preceding financial year.
structure is tailored to the regulations, practices and
• The performance evaluation criteria for NEDs, including
benchmarks prevalent in the automotive industry.
IDs, is determined by the NRC. An indicative list of
The detailed Remuneration Policy for Directors, KMP and
factors that were evaluated include participation and
other employees, in accordance with the provisions of
contribution by a Director, commitment, effective
the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations is available on the
deployment of knowledge and expertise, effective
website at https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
management of relationship with stakeholders,
uploads/2023/11/remuneration-policy.pdf The Company
role in Board constituted committees, integrity and
pays remuneration by way of salary, benefits, perquisites
maintenance of confidentiality and independence of
and allowances (fixed component) and commission (variable behaviour and judgement.
component) to its ED. Annual increments are recommended
• Sitting fees of ₹60,000/- is paid to NEDs for attending
by the NRC within the salary scale approved by the Board and
meetings of the Board and the meetings of the
Members which are effective from April 1, each year.
committees of Audit, NRC and ID meetings. Also a sitting
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the NRC, fees of ₹20,000/- for attending meetings of Stakeholders’
decides the commission payable to the ED out of the profits for Relationship Committee, Safety, Health & Sustainability
the financial year and within the threshold prescribed under Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee,
the Act, based on the Board evaluation process considering Risk Management Committee, Technology Committee,
the criteria such as the performance of the Company as well Allotment Committee and other special need based
as that of the ED. committees, is paid to its Members (excluding ED).
• Sitting fees paid/payable to the Non Whole-time
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND
Directors is excluded whilst calculating the limits of
KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL: remuneration in accordance with Section 197 of the Act.
The Company also reimburses out-of-pocket expenses
Non-Executive Directors (‘NEDs’)
to Directors attending meetings held at a city other
• The remuneration by way of commission to the NEDs than the one in which the Directors reside. As a policy,
is decided by the Board of Directors and distributed to the Chairman abstains from receiving commission/
them based on their participation and contribution at remuneration from the Company. In lines with the
the Board and Committee Meetings and performance internal guidelines of the Company, no payment is made
evaluation by the Board. The Commission paid/ payable towards commission/remuneration to NEDs of the
shall be in addition to the sitting fees payable to the Company, who are in full time employment of any other
Directors for attending the meetings of the Board or Tata Company.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
271 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
Given below are the Remuneration and Sitting Fees payable/ The Shareholder at the 79th AGM of the Company held on
paid by the Company to NEDs during FY25: June 24, 2024, approved the revised terms of remuneration
of Mr Wagh. The details of revised terms of remuneration of
(₹ in lakh)
Mr Wagh can be accessed from the Notice of the AGM held
Remuneration
Name Sitting Fees Paid on June 24, 2024 on the Company’s website at https://www.
Payable (1)
tatamotors.com/annual-reports/
Mr N Chandrasekaran (2) - 5.40
Mr Om Prakash Bhatt 115 13.60 Given below are details pertaining to the terms of appointment
Ms Hanne Sorensen 115 12.20 and payment of Managerial Remuneration to Mr Wagh, the
Ms Vedika Bhandarkar (3) 115 10.80 ED, for FY25:
Mr Kosaraju Veerayya 115 10.40 (₹ in lakh)
Chowdary Remuneration Paid/
Particulars
Payable for FY25
Mr Al-Noor Ramji 115 10.00
Basic Salary 165.57
Mrs Usha Sangwan 115 9.40
Benefits, Perquisites and Allowances 272.60
Mr Bharat Puri (4) 90 7.00 (includes payment in lieu of pension)
Total 780 78.80 Commission, Bonus and Performance Linked 241.36
Incentive Remuneration
(1) Remuneration relates to FY25, which was approved by the Board on
Retirement Benefits (1) 43.05
May 13, 2025 and will be paid in FY26.
Stock Option / Sweat Equity (2) 131.34
(2) As a Policy, Mr N Chandrasekaran has abstained from receiving
Total Remuneration 853.92
remuneration from the Company.
(3) Re-appointed as an ID for the second consecutive term for a period (1) Comprises contribution to Provident Fund and National Pension System
of five years, i.e., from June 26, 2024 to June 25, 2029, vide Special (‘NPS’) as per the Rules of the Company.
Resolution passed by the Shareholders at the 79th AGM of the (2) Includes an Employee Stock Option Plan (‘ESOP’) and Performance Share
Company held on June 24, 2024. Unit (‘PSU’) charge for FY25 of ₹131.34 lakh under the Tata Motors
(4) Appointed as an ID of the Company for a period of 5 years Limited Employee Stock Option Scheme 2018 at an exercise price of ₹345
commencing from May 15, 2024 to May 14, 2029, vide Special per Ordinary Share, Tata Motors Share based long term incentive scheme
Resolution passed by the Shareholders at the 79th AGM of the 2021, ESOP at an exercise price of ₹338 per Ordinary share and PSU at
Company held on June 24, 2024. an exercise price of ₹2 per Ordinary share, and Tata Motors Share based
long term incentive scheme 2024 at an exercise price of ₹2 per Ordinary
Some of the aforementioned Directors are also on the share which will vest only upon fulfilment of certain performance criteria
Board of the Company’s subsidiaries and associates, in a by the ED and him choosing to subscribe to the ESOPs/PSUs granted.
non-executive capacity and are paid remuneration and The terms of appointment with respect to the severance
sitting fees. Other than the above and their shareholding notice period and fees payable is reproduced below:
in the Company, the NEDs have no pecuniary relationship
or transactions with the Company, its subsidiaries Mr Girish Wagh – Executive Director
and associates - This appointment may be terminated by either party
by giving to the other party six months’ notice of
Executive Director (‘ED’) such termination or the Company paying six months’
The remuneration paid to the ED is commensurate with remuneration, which shall be limited to provision
industry standards and Board level positions held in similar of Salary, Benefits, Perquisites, Allowances and any
sized companies, taking into consideration the individual Incentive Remuneration, including Stock Option plans,
responsibilities shouldered by him and is in accordance with Performance Share plans (paid at the discretion of the
the terms of appointment approved by the Members. Board), in lieu of such notice.
The NRC, reviews and recommends to the Board the changes - The employment of the ED, may be terminated by the
Company without notice or payment in lieu of notice:
in the managerial remuneration, generally being, increment
in basic salary of the ED. This review is based on the Balanced
• if the ED, is found guilty of any gross negligence,
Score Card that includes the performance of the Company
default or misconduct in connection with or
and the individual director on certain defined qualitative and
affecting the business of the Company or any
quantitative parameters such as volumes, EBITDA, market
subsidiary or associated company to which he is
share, cashflows, cost reduction initiatives, safety, strategic
required by the Agreement to render services; or
initiatives and special projects as decided by the Board
vis-a-vis targets set in the beginning of the year. This review • in the event of any serious repeated or continuing
also takes into consideration the benchmark study undertaken breach (after prior warning) or non-observance by
by reputed independent agencies on comparative industry the ED, of any of the stipulations contained in the
remuneration practices. Agreement; or
80th Integrated Annual Report
272
2024-25

- in the event the Board expresses its loss of confidence in SUCCESSION PLANNING
the ED; or
The NRC works with the Board on the leadership succession
- In the event the ED is not in a position to discharge his plan to ensure orderly succession in appointments to the
official duties due to any physical or mental incapacity, Board and in the senior management. The Company strives
the Board shall be entitled to terminate his contract on to maintain an appropriate balance of skills and experience,
such terms, as the Board may consider appropriate in within the organization and the Board, in an endeavor to
the given circumstances. introduce new perspectives, whilst maintaining experience
and continuity.
Pursuant to the approval of the Shareholders obtained at
the 76th AGM held on July 30, 2021, Mr Wagh was granted By integrating workforce planning with strategic business
planning, the Company deploys the necessary financial and
72,169 PSUs and 60,431 Stock Options at an exercise price
human resources to meet its objectives. Succession planning
of ₹2 and ₹338, respectively, under the Tata Motors Limited
and elevation within the organization, fuel the ambitions of
Share-based Long Term Incentive Scheme 2021.
its talent force, to earn future leadership roles.
In addition to the above, Mr Wagh was granted 12,838 PSUs
at an exercise price of ₹2 under the Tata Motors Limited STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
Share-based Long Term Incentive Scheme 2024 pursuant to
(‘SRC’)
the approval of the Shareholders obtained at the 79th AGM
The SRC functions in accordance with Section 178 of the Act
held on June 24, 2024.
and Regulation 20 read with Part D of Schedule II of the SEBI
Other Key Managerial Personnel Listing Regulations. The terms of reference enumerated in the
Committee Charter, after incorporating therein all applicable
Given below are details pertaining to the payment of
regulatory amendments, are as follows:
remuneration to KMP of the Company, excluding WTDs/ED of
the Company, for FY25: - Approve issue of duplicate certificates for securities and
transmission of securities;
(₹ in lakh)
- Resolve grievances of security holders of the Company,
Remuneration Paid/Payable for FY25
including complaints related to transfer/transmission
Particulars Mr P B Balaji Mr Maloy Kumar Gupta
of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of
Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate certificates,
Basic Salary 352.25 51.07
general meetings, etc.;
Benefits, Perquisites and 604.84 86.73
Allowances (includes
- Review measures taken for effective exercise of voting
payment in lieu of
rights by shareholders;
pension)
Commission, Bonus and 555.18 64.80 (3) - Review adherence to the service standards adopted
Performance Linked
by the Company in respect of various services being
Incentive Remuneration
rendered by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent;
Retirement Benefits (1) 43.77 6.13
Stock Option / Sweat 553.35 21.58 - Review various measures and initiatives taken by the
Equity (2) Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed
Total Remuneration 2,109.39 230.31 dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend
warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the
(1) Comprises contribution to Provident Fund and Superannuation fund as
shareholders of the Company;
per the Rules of the Company.
(2) Includes ESOPs and PSUs for FY25 under the Tata Motors Employee Stock - Oversee statutory compliance relating to all securities
Option Scheme 2018 at an exercise price of ₹345 per Ordinary Share and
including dividend payments and transfer of unclaimed
Tata Motors Share based long term incentive scheme 2021, ESOP at an
amounts to the Investor Education and Protection Fund
exercise price of ₹338 per Ordinary share and PSU at an exercise price of
₹2 per Ordinary share, and Tata Motors Share based long term incentive (‘IEPF’) and claims made by members/investors from
scheme 2024 at an exercise price of ₹2 per Ordinary share which will vest the IEPF;
only upon fulfilment of certain performance criteria by the KMPs and
them choosing to subscribe to the ESOPs/PSUs granted. - Review movements in shareholding and ownership
(3) Includes one time ex-gratia amount paid in FY25. structures of the Company;
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
273 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
- Conduct a Shareholders’ Satisfaction Survey to ascertain CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (‘CSR’)
the level of satisfaction amongst shareholders; COMMITTEE
- Suggest and drive implementation of various investor- The Committee is constituted by the Board in accordance
friendly initiatives; and with provisions of Section 135 of the Act read together with
the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules,
- Carry out any other function as is referred by the
2014, to:
Board from time to time or enforced by any statutory
notification/amendment or modification as may a. Formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate
be applicable. Social Responsibility Policy which shall indicate the
activities to be undertaken by the Company as specified
As on the date of this Report, the Committee comprises of
in Schedule VII of the Act;
2 IDs and the ED. The Chairperson of the SRC also attended
the last AGM of the Company. During the period under b. Recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred
review, 2 SRC Meetings were held on June 24, 2024 and on the activities referred to in the above clause (a);
January 31, 2025. The requisite quorum was present for both
c. Monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of the
the Meetings.
Company from time to time; and
The composition of the SRC and attendance of its Members at
d. Carry out any other function as is referred by the
its Meetings held during their tenure is as follows:
Board from time to time or enforced by any statutory
No. of notification/amendment or modification as may
No. of Meetings
Name of the Member Category held during tenure Meetings be applicable.
attended
Mrs Usha Sangwan ID 2 2 The CSR Policy is placed on the Company’s website https://
(Chairperson)
www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/
Ms Vedika Bhandarkar ID 2 2
csr-policy.pdf as required under the Act and Rule 9 of the
Mr Girish Wagh ED 2 2
Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules,
2014. As on the date of this Report, the CSR Committee
COMPLIANCE OFFICER
comprises of 2 IDs and the ED. The Chairperson of the CSR
Mr Maloy Kumar Gupta, Company Secretary, is the Committee also attended the last AGM of the Company.
Compliance Officer. During the period under review, 4 CSR Committee Meetings
were held on May 9, 2024, July 31, 2024, November 7, 2024
Contacts details: Tata Motors Limited, Bombay House,
and March 12, 2025. The requisite quorum was present for
24 Homi Mody Street, Mumbai - 400 001, India.
all the Meetings.
Tel: +91 22 6665 7824, Email: inv_rel@tatamotors.com
The composition of the CSR Committee and attendance of its
Complaints or queries relating to the shares and/or Members at its Meetings held during their tenure is as follows:
debentures can be forwarded to the Company’s Registrar and
Share Transfer Agents (‘RTA’) – M/s MUFG Intime India Private No. of No. of
Name of the Member Category Meetings held Meetings
Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited),
during tenure attended
at csg-unit@in.mpms.mufg.com. In view of increase in the
Mr Kosaraju Veerayya ID 4 4
correspondence, MUFG Intime have increased their investor Chowdary (Chairperson)
interface strength (telephone and counter departments) and Mr Om Prakash Bhatt ID 4 4
have taken other steps for rendering speedy and satisfactory
Mr Girish Wagh ED 4 4
services to the shareholders at Tel: +91 810811 8484.
The status on the total number of investor complaints during RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (‘RMC’)
FY25 is as follows:
The Committee is constituted and functions as per
Regulation 21 read with Part D of Schedule II of the SEBI
Type Nos.
Complaints regarding non-receipt of dividend, shares 0 Listing Regulations to frame, implement and monitor the risk
lodged for transfer management plan for the Company. The gist of responsibilities
Pending complaints as on April 1, 2024 7 of the RMC as enumerated in the Policy, after incorporating
Complaints received from the shareholders through 210
therein all applicable regulatory amendments, are as follows:
SEBI and other statutory bodies
Complaints redressed out of the above 195 - Review the Company’s risk governance structure,
Pending complaints as on March 31, 2025 22 risk assessment and risk management policies,
80th Integrated Annual Report
274
2024-25

practices, guidelines and procedures, including the risk
No. of No. of
management plan; Name of the Member Category Meetings held Meetings
during tenure attended
- Review and approve the Enterprise Risk Management
Ms Hanne Sorensen ID 3 3
(‘ERM’) framework; (Chairperson)
- Review the Company’s risk appetite and strategy relating Mr Al-Noor Ramji ID 3 3
to key risks, including product risk and reputational risk, Mr Bharat Puri (1) ID 2 2
cyber security risk, commodity risk, risks associated
Mr Girish Wagh ED 3 3
with the financial assets and liabilities such as interest
risk, credit risk, liquidity exchange rate funding risk Mr P B Balaji Group CFO 3 3
and market risk, as well as the guidelines, policies and
1. Appointed as a member of the Risk Management Committee with effect
processes for monitoring and mitigating such risks; from August 1, 2024
- Oversee Company’s process and policies for SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL (‘SMP’)
determining risk tolerance and review management’s
As on the date of this Report, the details of SMP are as follows:
measurement and comparison of overall risk tolerance
to established levels;
Name Designation
- Review and analyze risk exposure related to specific Mr P B Balaji Group Chief Financial Officer
issues, concentrations, limit excesses and provide Mr Shailesh Chandra Managing Director – TMPVL & TPEML
oversight of risk across the organization; Mr Rajendra Petkar President and Chief Technology Officer
Mr Rajesh Kannan President and Chief Digital and
- Review compliance with ERM Policy, monitor breaches/
Information Officer
trigger trips of risk tolerance limits and direct action;
Mr Maloy Kumar Gupta Company Secretary
- Nurture a healthy and independent risk management Mr Sitaram Kandi (1) Chief Human Resources Officer
function in the Company;
1. Appointed as a Chief Human Resources Officer (‘CHRO’) as well as SMP
with effect from April 1, 2024.
- Periodical review of Risk Management Policy and
- Carry out any other function as is referred by the Board THE SAFETY, HEALTH AND SUSTAINABILITY
from time to time. (‘SHS’) COMMITTEE
The Committee operates as per its Risk Management Policy The Committee reviews Safety, Health and Sustainability
practices. The terms of reference of the Committee include
approved by the Board and within the broad guidelines laid
the following:
down in it. The Risk Management Policy is in accordance
with the provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations. - to take a holistic approach to safety, health and
It establishes various levels of accountability and overview sustainability matters in decision making;
within the Company, while vesting identified managers with
- to provide direction to Tata Motors Group in carrying
responsibility for each significant risk. The results of the
out its safety, health and sustainability function;
risk assessment are thoroughly discussed with the Senior
- to frame broad guidelines/policies with regard to safety,
Management before being presented to the RMC. The Board
health and sustainability;
takes responsibility for the overall process of risk management
in the organization. - to oversee the implementation of these guidelines/
policies;
At the date of this Report, the RMC comprises of 3 IDs, the
ED and the Group CFO. The Chairperson of the RMC also - to review the safety, health and sustainability policies,
attended the last AGM of the Company. During the period processes and systems periodically, recommend
under review, 3 RMC Meetings were held on July 31, 2024, measures for improvement from time to time; and
November 7, 2024 and March 12, 2025. The requisite quorum - Carry out any other function as is referred by the Board
was present for all the Meetings. from time to time.
The composition of the RMC and attendance of its Members As on date of this Report, the SHS Committee comprises of
at its Meetings held during the year is as follows: 2 IDs and the ED. The Chairperson of the SHS Committee also
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
275 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
attended the last AGM of the Company. During the period TECHNOLOGY COMMITTEE
under review, 3 SHS Committee Meetings were held on
The Technology Committee was constituted with effect from
July 31, 2024, November 7, 2024 and March 12, 2025. The
August 29, 2022, by the Board of Directors of the Company
requisite quorum was present for all the Meetings.
for reviewing Technology related practices. The brief terms of
The composition of the SHS Committee and attendance of its reference of the Committee, inter alia, include the following:
Members at its Meetings held during their tenure is as follows:
- to govern the technology roadmap of the business;
No. of No. of - to help the Management implement technological,
Name of the Member Category Meetings held Meetings
digital and electronic initiatives;
during tenure attended
Mr Kosaraju Veerayya ID 3 3
- to design and review technology systems and roadmaps,
Chowdary (Chairperson)
electrical and electronics architecture and skill, talent
Mr Om Prakash Bhatt ID 3 3
development plan;
Mr Girsh Wagh ED 3 3
- to syncronize synergies between Jaguar Land Rover and
ALLOTMENT COMMITTEE the Company;
The Company has adopted and implemented ‘Tata Motors - to oversee technology related actions of the key
Limited Employee Stock Option Scheme 2018’ (‘ESOP subsidiaries; and
Scheme 2018’) and Tata Motors Limited Share-based
- to carry out any other function as is referred by the
Long Term Incentive Scheme 2021 (‘TML SLTI Scheme
Board from time to time.
2021’) pursuant to the approval of its shareholders at the
73rd AGM held on August 3, 2018 and 76th AGM held on As on date of this Report, the Technology Committee
July 30, 2021, respectively. comprises of 2 IDs, the ED and Mr Rajesh Kannan, President &
Chief Digital and Information Officer (‘CDIO’). The Chairperson
The NRC as empowered under the Schemes constituted the
of the Committee also attended the last AGM of the Company.
Allotment Committee to allot shares to the employees upon
During the period under review, 5 Committee Meetings were
their exercising the options/PSUs under the Scheme. held on May 22, 2024, July 31, 2024, November 7, 2024,
January 28, 2025 and March 19, 2025. The requisite quorum
As on date of this Report, the Allotment Committee comprises
was present for all Committee Meetings.
of 2 IDs, the Group CFO and the CHRO of the Company. During
the period under review, 7 Allotment Committee Meetings The composition of the Technology Committee and
were held on May 22, 2024, July 15, 2024, September 1, 2024, attendance of its Members at its Meetings held during their
October 15, 2024, December 5, 2024, January 31, 2025 and tenure is as follows:
March 25, 2025. The requisite quorum was present for all
No. of Meetings No. of
the Meetings. Name of the Member Category held during Meetings
tenure attended
The composition of the Allotment Committee and attendance Mr Al-Noor Ramji ID 5 5
of its Members at its Meetings held during their tenure is (Chairperson)
as follows: Ms Hanne Sorensen ID 5 4
Mr Girish Wagh ED 5 5
No. of No. of Mr Rajesh Kannan CDIO 5 5
Name of the Member Category Meetings held Meetings
during tenure attended
CODE OF CONDUCT
Mr Om Prakash Bhatt ID 7 7
(Chairperson) Whilst the TCoC is applicable to all employees of the Company,
Ms Vedika Bhandarkar ID 7 7 including WTDs, the Board has also adopted a Code of
Mr P B Balaji Group CFO 7 5 Conduct for its NINEDs and IDs, as specified under Schedule IV
Mr Sitaram Kandi (1) CHRO 5 5 of the Act and Regulation 26(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
The Codes of Conduct are respectively available on the
1. Appointed as a member of Allotment Committee with effect from
website of the Company at https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-
August 1, 2024.
content/uploads/2023/11/tata-code-of-conduct1.pdf and
Please refer to the paragraph on ‘Tata Motors Limited Share-based Long Term
https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/
Incentive Scheme 2024’ in the Board’s Report for detailed information.
ned-id.pdf
80th Integrated Annual Report
276
2024-25

Pursuant to Regulation 26(5) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, all members of senior management have confirmed that there are
no material, financial and commercial transactions wherein they have a personal interest that may have a potential conflict with
the interest of the Company at large. Pursuant to Regulation 26(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, all the Board Members and
Senior Management of the Company as on March 31, 2025 have affirmed compliance with their respective Codes of Conduct.
A declaration to this effect, duly signed by the ED is annexed to this Report.
Furthermore, pursuant to the provisions of Regulations 8 and 9 under the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,
2015, the Company has adopted and endeavors adherence to the Prevention of Insider Trading Code. Mr P B Balaji, Group CFO,
is the compliance officer under the Company’s Prevention of Insider Trading Code. Kindly refer to the Company’s website at
https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/CodeCorporateDisclosure.pdf for the detailed Code of Corporate
Disclosure Policy of the Company.
GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’)
Date of AGM Year Special Resolutions passed Venue and Time
June 24, 2024 2023-24 • Appointment of Mr. Bharat Puri (DIN: 02173566) as a Director Through video conferencing
and as an Independent Director.
(‘VC’) / other audio visual means
• Re-appointment of Ms. Vedika Bhandarkar (DIN: 00033808) as an (‘OAVM’) at 2:30 p.m. (IST)
Independent Director for the Second term.
• Tata Motors Limited Share-based Long Term Incentive Scheme
2024 and grant of Performance Share Units to the Eligible
Employees under the Scheme.
• Extending the Tata Motors Share-based Long Term Incentive
Scheme 2024 to Eligible Employees of Subsidiary companies and
Associate companies of the Company.
August 8, 2023 2022-23 • Appointment of Mrs Usha Sangwan (DIN:02609263) as a Director
and as an Independent Director.
• Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors (including Independent
Directors)
July 4, 2022 2021-22 • Appointment of Mr Al-Noor Ramji (DIN:00230865) as a Director
and as an Independent Director
• Appointment of Mr Om Prakash Bhatt (DIN:00548091) as a Through VC/ OAVM
Director and his re-appointment as an Independent Director for at 3:00 p.m. (IST)
the second term
• Re-appointment of Ms Hanne Birgitte Sorensen (DIN:08035439)
as an Independent Director for the second term
• Amendment in Tata Motors Limited Employees Stock Option
Scheme, 2018
• Change in place of keeping registers and records of the Company
All resolutions moved at the last years’ Annual General The voting result by the Shareholders for both classes of
Meeting, were passed by means of electronic voting, by the Meetings can be accessed on the Company’s website at
requisite majority of members.
https://www.tatamotors.com/scheme-of-arrangement-
The Company in compliance with the directions of the between-tml-and-its-shareholders-and-creditors/
Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench
No Extra Ordinary General Meeting except NCLT Meetings of
(‘NCLT’), convened Meetings of the ‘A’ Ordinary and Ordinary
Shareholders as mentioned above was held during FY25.
Shareholders on Tuesday, April 30, 2024 at 11:00 a.m. (IST)
and 2:30 p.m (IST), respectively through two-way VC/ OAVM
There were no special resolutions passed through Postal
to transact the business contained in the Notice dated
Ballot during FY25. Further, no special resolution is proposed
March 29, 2024, for approval to the Scheme of Arrangement
to be passed through Postal Ballot as on the date of this
between the Company and its Shareholders and Creditors
report. None of the businesses proposed to be transacted
(‘Scheme’). The Scheme was approved by the requisite
majority by both classes of the shareholders and also at the ensuing AGM requires passing of a special resolution
approved by the majority of the minority public shareholders through postal ballot.
of both the classes.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
277 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION Annual Report: The information regarding the performance
of the Company is shared with the shareholders vide the
The Company recognizes communication as a key element to
Annual Report. The Annual Report for FY25 is being sent
the overall Corporate Governance framework, and therefore
in electronic mode, to all members who have registered
emphasizes on prompt, continuous, efficient and relevant
their email ids for the purpose of receiving documents/
communication to all external constituencies.
communication in electronic mode with the Company and/
Financial Results: The Quarterly, Half Yearly and Annual or Depository Participants. The Annual Reports are also
Results are regularly submitted to the National Stock Exchange available in the “Investors” section on the Company’s website
of India Limited (‘NSE’), BSE Limited (‘BSE’) and Singapore at https://www.tatamotors.com/annual-reports/
Stock Exchange (‘SGX’) which are also uploaded on the
Electronic Communication: The Company had during FY25
Company’s website and are published in newspapers, namely
sent various communications including Annual Reports, by
the Financial Express (English) and the Loksatta (Marathi)
email to those shareholders whose email addresses were
along with the Quick Response code and the weblink where
registered with the Company/Depositories. In support of
such financial results are available and can be accessed by
the ‘Green Initiative’ the Company encourages Members to
the investors. Additionally, the results and other important
register their email address with their Depository Participant
information are also periodically updated on the Company’s
or the Company, to receive soft copies of the Annual Report,
website at https://www.tatamotors.com/quarterly-results/.
Notices and other information disseminated by the Company,
Investors/Analyst Meets: The Company hosts calls without any delay.
or meetings with institutional investors on request.
Green Initiative: All agenda papers for the Board and
Post the quarterly results, an analyst meet/call is organized
Committee meetings are disseminated electronically, by
which provides a platform for the Management to answer
uploading them on a secured online application.
questions and provide clarifications to investors and analysts.
The Company continues to interact with all types of funds and
GENERAL INFORMATION FOR MEMBERS
investors in order to have a diversified shareholder base both
in terms of geographical location and investment horizon. The Corporate Identity Number (‘CIN’) allotted to the
Financial Results, Statutory Notices, Press Releases and Company by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’)
Presentations made to the institutional investors/analysts is L28920MH1945PLC004520.
after the declaration of the quarterly, half-yearly and annual
results are submitted to NSE, BSE and SGX well as uploaded ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
on the Company’s website on a regular basis at https://
Date and Time Friday, June 20, 2025 at 3:00 p.m. (IST)
www.tatamotors.com/intimation-to-stock-exchanges/.
Venue The MCA vide its relevant circulars, has
The Company also issues press releases on important matters
permitted the holding of the AGM through
from time to time.
VC / OAVM, without the physical presence
of the Members at a common venue. In
Website: The Company’s website provides a comprehensive
compliance with the provisions of the
reference on its leadership, management, vision, policies,
Act and MCA Circulars, the AGM of the
corporate governance, sustainability and investor relations. Company is being held through VC / OAVM.
The Members can access the details of the Board, the (For details please refer to the AGM Notice.)
Committees, Policies, Board Committee Charters, financial
As required under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing
information, statutory filings, shareholding information,
Regulations and Secretarial Standard 2 on General Meetings,
details of unclaimed dividend and shares transferred/liable
details of Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment
to be transferred to IEPF, frequently asked questions, etc.
at this AGM are given in the Annexure to the Notice of the
In addition, various downloadable forms required to be
forthcoming AGM.
executed by the Members have also been provided on the
website of the Company.
FINANCIAL CALENDAR
Financial Year ending March 31
Results for the Quarter ending (Tentative)
June 30, 2025 On or before August 14, 2025
September 30, 2025 On or before November 14, 2025
December 31, 2025 On or before February 14, 2026
March 31, 2026 On or before May 30, 2026
Record Date for Dividend Wednesday, June 4, 2025
Date of Dividend payment On or before Tuesday, June 24, 2025
80th Integrated Annual Report
278
2024-25

LISTINGS
The Company’s shares are listed on the BSE and the NSE. The following are the details of the Company’s shares:
Type Equity Shares
ISIN INE155A01022
BSE – Stock Code 500570
NSE – Stock Code TATAMOTORS
BSE – Address Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001; www.bseindia.com
NSE – Address Exchange Plaza”, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai 400051; www.nseindia.com
The Company previously had ‘A’ Ordinary shares listed on BSE To address common queries of shareholders regarding the
& NSE upto August 31, 2024 bearing ISIN (INE155A01020). Scheme, an appropriate FAQ and the details of entitlement of
Pursuant to the effectiveness of Scheme of Arrangement of shareholders were published on the website of the Company
Tata Motors Limited and its shareholders and creditors under at below links:
Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the
• FAQs for “A” Ordinary Shareholders.
Companies Act, 2013 for reduction of share capital of the
https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
Company through cancellation and extinguishment of the
uploads/2024/09/FAQs-Cancellation-of-A-Ordinary-
‘A’ Ordinary Share Capital and issuance of New Ordinary
Shares.pdf
Shares as consideration (‘Scheme’) sanctioned by the Hon’ble
NCLT, Mumbai Bench vide Order dated August 2, 2024, the • The clarification on the tax treatment applied by the
‘A’ Ordinary Share Capital of the Company consisting of Company for the cancellation of AOS and issuance of
50,85,02,896 shares of ₹2 each fully paid-up amounting to NOS as consideration.
₹1,01,70,05,792 stands extinguished and cancelled with
www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/09/
effect from September 1, 2024.
Clarification-on-Tax-treatment-Cancellation-of-A-
As per the Scheme, TML Securities Trust sold 1,14,97,462 Ordinary-Shares-and-issuance-of-New-Ordinary-
New Ordinary Shares on the stock exchanges for the Shares.mp4
purpose of distribution of cash proceeds for fractional • The details of entitlement of shareholders pursuant to
share entitlement as well as towards shareholders tax the Scheme alongwith the details of TDS.
liabilities. TML Securities Trust on September 25, 2024,
https://www.tatamotors.com/shareholders-pursuant-
credited 33,58,11,066 New Ordinary Shares and cash for
cancellation-ordinary-shares/
fractional entitlement and surplus sale proceeds, after
deducting applicable taxes, to the eligible holders of Please refer to the paragraph on ‘Scheme of Arrangement for
‘A’ Ordinary shares. the reduction of share capital by cancellation of ‘A’ Ordinary
Shares’ in the Board’s Report for detailed analysis.
International Listing of securities issued by the Company:
Redeemable Senior Unsecured Notes aggregating US$ 300 million, as on March 31, 2025:
Issue Size Yield per
Security Type ISIN Date of Issue Date of Maturity Listing
(US$) annum (%)
Senior Unsecured Notes XS2079668609 300,000,000 5.875% November 20, May 20, 2025 Singapore Stock
2019 Exchange
Note: In October 2024, outstanding 5.75% Senior Notes US$ 138 million (issued in October 2014) were matured and fully repaid.
The Company has paid the requisite Annual Listing and In terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations, securities of the
Custodial Fees to the Stock Exchanges (both domestic and Company can only be transferred in dematerialized form.
international) and Depositories viz; Central Depository
Further, SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/ MIRSD_RTAMB/P/
Services Limited (‘CDSL’) and National Securities Depository
CIR/2022/8 dated January 24, 2022, mandated all the listed
Limited (‘NSDL’), respectively for FY25 and FY26.
companies to issue securities in dematerialised form only,
INVESTOR GRIEVANCE AND SHARE while processing the service request for issue of duplicate
securities certificates, renewal/ exchange of securities
TRANSFER SYSTEM
certificate, claim from Unclaimed Suspense Account,
All transmission or transposition of securities are conducted
endorsement, sub-division/ splitting of securities certificate,
in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 40, Regulation
61 and Schedule VII of the SEBI Listing Regulations, read consolidation of securities certificates/ folios, transmission
together with relevant SEBI Circulars. and transposition.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
279 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
In view of the same and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and avail various benefits of dematerialization,
Members are advised to dematerialize the shares held by them in physical form. Members can contact the Company or the
Company’s RTA, for assistance in this regard. Also, share transactions in electronic form can be effected in a much simpler and
faster manner. Shareholders should communicate with the RTA, quoting their folio number or Depository Participant ID (‘DPID’)
and Client ID number, for any queries on their securities holding.
SCORES: A centralised web based complaints redress system ‘SCORES’ which serves as a centralised database of all complaints
received, enables uploading of Action Taken Reports by the concerned companies and online viewing by the investors of actions
taken on complaints and its current status.
Dispute Resolution Mechanism (SMART Online Dispute Resolution [ODR])
SEBI has vide its Circular No.SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_ RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/76 dated May 30, 2022, issued a Standard Operating
Procedure (‘SOP’) for dispute resolution under the Stock Exchange Arbitration Mechanism for disputes between a listed company
and/or registrars to an issue and share transfer agents and its shareholder(s)/ investor(s). Further, SEBI vide Circular No. SEBI/
HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-3/P/CIR/2023/195 dated July 31, 2023, introduced a mechanism to streamline and strengthen the existing
dispute resolution in the Indian Securities Market.
This mechanism enhanced the degree of regulatory supervision by SEBI over disputes between aggrieved parties and the ODR
order is binding on both the parties to the dispute.
Pursuant to above-mentioned circulars, the aggrieved party can initiate the mechanism through the ODR portal, after exercising
the primary options to resolve the issue directly with the Company and through the SCORES platform.
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENTS
Members are requested to correspond with the Company’s RTA quoting their Folio No./DP ID & Client ID at the
following addresses:
1. For dematerialization, transmission or transposition or any service requests, delivery and correspondence: M/s. MUFG
Intime India Private Limited (Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited), CIN: U67190MH1999PTC118368,
Unit: Tata Motors Limited, C-101, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai - 400083. Tel: +91 810 811 8484,
e-mail: csg-unit@in.mpms.mufg.com website: https://in.mpms.mufg.com/
2. For the convenience of investors based in the following cities, transfer documents and letters will also be accepted at the
following branches/agencies of M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited:
PLACE ADDRESS
Kolkata Rasoi Court, 5th Floor, 20, Sir R.N. Mukherjee Road, Kolkata – 700001
Tel: +91 033 - 69066200
Coimbatore Surya 35, Mayflower Avenue, Behind Senthil Nagar Sowripalayam Road, Coimbatore- 641028
Tel: +91 0422-2314792 / 4958995/ 2539835/36
Pune Block No. 202. 2nd Floor, Akshay Complex, Near Ganesh Temple, Off. Dhole Patil Road, Pune – 411001
Tel: +91 020 - 4601 4473
New Delhi Noble Heights, 1st Floor, Plot No. NH-2, C-1 Block, LSC, Near Savitri Market, Janakpuri, New Delhi – 110058
Tel: +91 011 49411000
Vadodara “Geetakunj”, 1, Bhakti Nagar Society, Behind Abs Tower, Old Padra Road Vadodara – 390015
Tel: +91 0265 - 3566 768
Ahmedabad 5th Floor, 506 to 508, Amarnath Business Centre-1 (ABC-1), Nr. St. Xavier’s College Corner, Off. C.G. Road,
Ellisbridge Ahmedabad - 380006
Tel: +91 079 26465179
Transfer of unclaimed / unpaid amounts / shares to the Investor Education and Protection Fund
(‘IEPF’):
1. Pursuant to Sections 124 and 125 of the Act read with the IEPF (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016
(‘IEPF’), the Company has to transfer to the IEPF Authority (‘IEPFA’), established by the Central Government the dividend
amounts, application money, principal amounts of debentures and deposits as well as the interest accruing thereon, sale
proceeds of fractional shares, redemption amount of preference shares, etc. remaining unpaid or unclaimed for a period
of 7 years from the date they became due for payment.
80th Integrated Annual Report
280
2024-25

Furthermore, the IEPF Rules mandate companies to transfer shares of shareholders whose dividend amounts remain
unpaid/unclaimed for a period of 7 consecutive years to the demat account of the IEPF Authority. The said requirement
does not apply to shares in respect of which there is a specific order of the Court, Tribunal or Statutory Authority, restraining
any transfer of shares.
The details of the unclaimed dividends amounts and shares transferred to IEPF during FY25 are as follows:
Amount of unclaimed dividend transferred (₹) Number of shares transferred
Financial Year
Ordinary Shares ‘A’ Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares ‘A’ Ordinary Shares
2016-17 Nil Nil Nil Nil
The Company strongly recommends shareholders to encash/ claim their outstanding dividend amounts, for respective
years within the period given below from the Company’s RTA:
Last date for claiming Unclaimed Dividend as on March 31, 2025 (₹)
Financial Year Date of Declaration
dividend Ordinary Shares ‘A’ Ordinary Shares
2016-17 No dividend was declared - Nil
2017-18 No dividend was declared -
2018-19 No dividend was declared -
2019-20 No dividend was declared -
2020-21 No dividend was declared -
2021-22 No dividend was declared -
2022-23 August 11, 2023 September 8, 2030 2,18,25,641.00 20,77,072.40
2023-24 June 24, 2024 August 14, 2031 6,41,41,216.00 22,37,387.40
The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on July 25, 2023, approved (subject to, inter alia, obtaining the regulatory and
other approvals including from the Hon’ble NCLT a Scheme of Arrangement (‘Scheme’) for reduction, through cancellation
of the entire ‘A’ Ordinary Share capital and in consideration thereof, issue and allotment of New Ordinary Shares in the
Company, in the manner as contemplated in the Scheme.
The Hon’ble NCLT vide Order dated August 2, 2024 sanctioned the Scheme which was effective from September 1, 2024.
Accordingly, the Company cancelled 50,85,02,896 ‘A’ Ordinary shares of ₹2.00 each (₹102 crore) and issued and allotted
35,59,52,028 New Ordinary Shares of ₹2.00 each (₹71 crore) to TML Securities Trust, in terms of the Scheme. TML Securities
Trust was able to credit New ordinary Shares to the respective ‘A’ Ordinary shareholders, except 173,389 New Ordinary
Shares. Of these 86,411 New Ordinary Shares, have been transferred to Investors Education and Protection Fund on
March 13, 2025.
Since the extinguished and cancelled ‘A’ Ordinary Shares under the Scheme included the ‘A’ Ordinary Shares already
transferred to IEPFA, the Company had requested the IEPFA for a waiver from transferring the corresponding New Ordinary
Shares to IEPFA and, instead, proposed to credit the same directly into the Demat account of the eligible ‘A’ Ordinary
Shareholders. This was initiated in order to avoid repetition of the process of reclaiming the New Ordinary Shares by these
shareholders from IEPFA. While the IEPFA acknowledged the issue, the Company could not obtain the requisite waiver from
IEPFA in the absence of any specific legislations in this regard. In view of the above, the Company transferred the requisite
number of New Ordinary Shares and amount in cash to the designated accounts of the IEPFA before March 31, 2025.
Whilst the Company and/ or it’s RTA send out communication’s to the Members, Debenture holders and Depositors
informing them about the due dates to transfer the unclaimed dividends/interest payments to IEPF, the attention of the
concerned stakeholders is again drawn to this matter through the Annual Report. The data on unpaid/unclaimed dividend
amounts and other unclaimed monies is also available on the Company’s website at https://www.tatamotors.com/
unclaimed-dividend/. Investors who have not yet encashed their unclaimed/unpaid amounts are requested to correspond
with the Company’s RTA, at the earliest. Members may refer to the Procedure for claiming the aforementioned amounts
transferred to the IEPFA as detailed on http://www.iepf.gov.in/IEPF/refund.html.
The Members who have a claim on the above dividend amounts and shares and other unclaimed monies may apply for
refund of the same from the IEPFA by following the procedure prescribed under IEPF Rules, 2016, as amended from time
to time.
Primarily, the concerned shareholder must submit the requisite documents and obtain the Entitlement Letter from the
Company. Thereafter, an online application in web-Form IEPF-5, as available on the website of the Ministry of Corporate
Affairs www.mca.gov.in, should be filed and the said form duly self-certified should be forwarded to the Company for
furnish the E-Verification Report, in the prescribed format, to the IEPFA. No claims shall lie against the Company in respect
of the dividend/shares so transferred. The Members/Claimants can file only one consolidated claim in a financial year as
per the IEPF Rules.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
281 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
Mr Maloy Kumar Gupta, Company Secretary, is the Nodal Officer. His contact details are - Tata Motors Limited, Bombay
House, 24, Homi Mody Street, Mumbai - 400 001, India. Tel: 91 22 6665 7824 Email: nodalofficer.iepf@tatamotors.com
2. Upto March 31, 2025, the Company has transferred ₹51,20,14,212.62 to IEPF, including the following amounts during
the year.
Particulars (Amount in ₹)
Unpaid dividend amounts of the Company 5,25,28,352.40
Dividend on shares transferred to IEPF 8,41,491.88*
Application moneys received for allotment of any securities and due for refund -
Unpaid matured deposit with the Company Nil
Unpaid matured debentures with the Company -
Interest accrued on application money due for refund, unpaid matured deposits and debentures with the Company -
Sale proceeds of fractional shares arising out of issuance of bonus shares, merger and amalgamation -
Redemption amount of preference shares -
Grants and donation -
Others -
Total 5,33,69,844.28
*Amount credited to bank account of IEPFA on account of shares earlier transferred, pursuant to cancellation of ‘A’ Ordinary
Share Capital of the Company vide Order of the NCLT, Mumbai Bench dated August 2, 2024. The Company transferred
corresponding 86,411 New Equity Shares to IEPFA in lieu of the cancelled ‘A’ Ordinary shares earlier transferred to the IEPFA.
DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDING AS AT MARCH 31, 2025
Equity Shares
No. of Shares No. of shareholders
Range of Shares Physical Demat Physical Demat
No. of Shares % of Capital No. of Holders % of Holders
Form (%) Form (%) Form (%) Form (%)
1 – 500 33,24,07,620 0.04 8.99 9.03 67,90,047 0.13 96.91 97.04
501 – 1,000 8,37,41,417 0.03 2.24 2.27 11,6133 0.02 1.64 1.66
1,001 – 2,000 7,34,72,388 0.04 1.95 1.99 52,041 0.02 0.73 0.75
2,001 – 5,000 8,22,61,349 0.06 2.18 2.24 26,808 0.01 0.37 0.38
5,001 -10,000 4,87,60,908 0.03 1.30 1.33 6,989 0.00 0.10 0.10
10,001-1,00,000 10,16,02,249 0.03 2.73 2.76 4,193 0.00 0.06 0.06
Above 1,00,001 2,95,91,02,811 0.00 80.38 80.38 963 0.00 0.01 0.01
Total 3,68,13,48,742 0.23 99.77 100.00 69,97,174 0.18 99.82 100.00
SHAREHOLDING PATTERN
i) Category-wise Shareholding as on March 31, 2025
Number of Equity
Category % of holding
Shares held
Promoters and Promoter Group 1,56,73,68,597 42.58
Mutual Funds and UTI 39,05,55,036 10.61
Banks, Financial Institutions, States and Central Government 35,51,109 0.10
Alternate Investment Funds 51,41,889 0.14
Insurance Companies 21,05,42,770 5.72
Foreign Institutional Investors and Foreign Portfolio Investors – Corporate 65,66,96,848 17.84
Provident Funds / Pension Funds 1,37,77,009 0.37
Sovereign Wealth Funds 94,71,105 0.26
Non-Resident Indians / Overseas Bodies Corporates / Foreign Companies 3,30,49,227 0.90
Bodies Corporate / Trust 2,74,31,529 0.74
NBFCs / HUF / LLPs 1,46,67,487 0.40
Indian Public and Others 738,557,739 20.05
Directors and Director’s Relatives 6,90,811 0.02
IEPF Suspense Account 98,47,586 0.27
GRAND TOTAL 3,68,13,48,742 100.00
80th Integrated Annual Report
282
2024-25

ii) Top 10 Shareholders as on March 31, 2025
Sr. Number of Equity
Name of the Shareholder % of holding
No. Shares held
1 Tata Sons Private Limited (Promoter) 1,47,82,63,541 40.16
2 Life Insurance Corporation of India 11,59,56,632 3.15
3 SBI Nifty 50 ETF 10,39,62,004 2.82
4 Tata Industries Limited 7,22,03,630 1.96
5 ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund 6,69,94,537 1.82
6 HDFC Trustee Company Ltd. A/C HDFC Large Cap Fund 5,07,37,455 1.38
7 Rekha Jhunjhunwala 4,77,70,260 1.30
8 UTI Nifty 50 ETF 3,19,59,760 0.87
9 SBI Life Insurance Co Ltd 3,04,46,963 0.83
10 Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund 2,99,27,560 0.81
Note: Shareholding of Top 10 is consolidated based on Permanent Account Number of the shareholder.
DEMATERIALISATION OF SHARES
The Company’s Equity Shares are tradable compulsorily in electronic form. The electronic holding of the shares as on
March 31, 2025 through NSDL and CDSL are as follows:
Equity Shares (%)
Particulars
2025 2024
NSDL 89.52 92.35
CDSL 10.25 7.35
Total 99.77 99.70
Suspense Escrow Demat Account (‘SEDA’)
Pursuant to SEBI Circular dated January 25, 2022, to enhance the shareholders experience in dealing with securities markets, the
listed companies shall issue the securities in dematerialized form only, while processing any investor service requests viz., issue
of duplicate share certificates, endorsement, transmission, transposition.
After processing investor service request(s), a Letter of Confirmation (‘LOC’) would be issued to the shareholders in lieu of a
physical securities certificate. LOC shall be valid for a period of 120 days, within which the shareholder shall make a request to the
Depository Participant for dematerializing the said securities/shares. In case the shareholders fail to submit the dematerialisation
request within 120 days, the Company shall then credit those securities to the SEDA held by the Company. The shareholders can
reclaim these shares from the Company’s SEDA on submission of documentation prescribed by SEBI.
As on March 31, 2025, the details of SEDA are as follows:
No. of
Particulars No of shares
shareholders
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the SEDA as on April 1, 2024 18 52,194
Shareholders who approached the Company for transfer of shares from SEDA during the year 24 19,564
Shareholders to whom shares were transferred from SEDA during the year 15 7,610
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in SEDA as on March 31, 2025 38 68,842
PLANT LOCATIONS
Commercial Vehicles (CV) Location Range of Products Produced
Pimpri, Pune – 411 018; Medium and Heavy Commercial Vehicles (M&HCVs), Intermediate & Light Commercial
Chinchwad, Pune – 411 033 Vehicles (ILCVs), Small Commercial Vehicles – Pickups (SCVs), Winger (Vans)
Jamshedpur – 831 010 Intermediate Commercial Vehicles (ICVs) and M&HCVs including LNG vehicle
Chinhat Industrial Area, Dewa Road, Chinhat, ICVs, M&HCVs, LCVs, Electric Vehicles and Buses
Lucknow – 226 019
Plot No. 1, Sector 11 and Plot No. 14, Sector 12, SCVs and Electric Vehicles
I.I.E., Pantnagar, District, Udhamsingh Nagar,
Uttarakhand – 263 145
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
283 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
Commercial Vehicles (CV) Location Range of Products Produced
KIADB Block II, Belur Industrial Area, Mummigatti SCVs, LCVs, ICVs, M&HCVs and Electric Buses
Post, Dharwad – 580 011
Passenger Vehicles (PV) Location Range of Products Produced
Sector No. 15 & 15A PCNTDA Chikhali Tata Hatches and SUVs including Petrol, Diesel, Electric and CNG cars &
Taluka: Haveli, Dist: Pune - 411062 PV-Chikhali Utility Vehicles (UVs)
Pune Plant
Revenue Survey No. 1, Village Northkotpura, Tata Hatches and Sedans including Petrol, Electric and CNG cars
Taluka Sanand, District Ahmedabad – 382 170
Revenue Survey No. 6, Village Northkotpura, Tata SUVs including Petrol, Diesel, CNG and Electric cars
Taluka Sanand, District Ahmedabad – 382 170
ADDRESS FOR CORRESPONDENCE
For Investor Queries
Retail / HNI Investors Institutional Investors
Mr Maloy Kumar Gupta, Mrs Namrata Divekar,
Company Secretary Head (Treasury and Investor Relations)
Bombay House, 24, Homi Mody Street, 3rd floor, Nanavati Mahalaya,18, Homi Mody Street,
Mumbai - 400 001, India Mumbai - 400 001, India
Phone : 91-22- 6665 7824 Phone : 91-22-6665 8282
E-Mail : inv_rel@tatamotors.com E-Mail : ir_tml@tatamotors.com
For other Share related queries
Kindly refer details mentioned herein above under the head “Registrar and Transfer Agents”
CREDIT RATINGS
Credit ratings obtained along with revisions thereto during FY25, for all debt instruments in India and abroad:
Credit Rating
Rating Agency Period
Short-Term Long-Term
CARE Ratings Limited As on April 1, 2024 CARE A1+ CARE AA+/ Stable
CRISIL As on April 1, 2024 CRISIL A1+ CRISIL AA / Positive
As on June 13, 2024 CRISIL A1+ CRISIL AA+ / Stable
ICRA Limited As on April 1, 2024 ICRA A1+ ICRA AA / Stable
As on July 4, 2024 ICRA A1+ ICRA AA+ / Stable
MOODY’s Investors Service As on April 1, 2024 Ba3 / Positive
As on August 7, 2024 Ba1/ Positive
Standard & Poor’s As on April 1, 2024 BB+ / Positive
As on June 13, 2024 BB+/Watch Positive
As on August 20, 2024 BBB/Stable
DETAILS OF NON-CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (‘NCD’), AS ON MARCH 31, 2025
Face Value of
Principal Amount
Series No. Stock Exchange Listing ISIN each NCD Yield to Maturity (%) Date of Maturity
(₹ in crore)
(` in lakh)
E28B^ (Tranche I) NSE & BSE INE155A08407 10 250 8.00 December 30, 2026
E28B^ (Tranche II) NSE & BSE INE155A08415 10 250 8.00 January 29, 2027
E30A NSE & BSE INE155A08423 10 500 6.60 May 29, 2026
E30B NSE & BSE INE155A08431 10 500 6.95 March 31, 2026
E31 A# (Tranche I) NSE INE155A08449 1 500 7.65 March 26, 2027
E31 A# (Tranche II) NSE INE155A08456 1 700 7.65 March 24, 2028
E31 A# (Tranche III) NSE INE155A08464 1 800 7.65 March 27, 2028
Note: Detailed information on the above debentures is included in the ‘Notes to Accounts’.
^Issued at 8.5% coupon rate and underwent subsequent revision in coupon rate at 8% consequent to revision in credit rating w.e.f. July 1, 2024.
#The Board constituted Committee approved the issuance and allotment of E31A Series (Tranche I – 50,000 NCD, Tranche II – 70,000 NCD and Tranche III – 80,000
NCD) on March 19, 2025 and March 27, 2025, respectively. The Listing Approval from NSE was received on April 2, 2025.
80th Integrated Annual Report
284
2024-25

During the year, the following NCDs were redeemed:
• 9.29% E28A (Tranche III) Series of NCDs (ISIN: INE155A08399) of ₹100 crore on June 28, 2024 (issued at 9.54% coupon rate
and underwent subsequent revision in coupon rate consequent to revision in credit rating w.e.f. June 1, 2023);
• 9.81% E26B Series of NCDs (ISIN: INE155A08191) of ₹300 crore on August 20, 2024; and
• 9.77% E26C Series of NCDs (ISIN: INE155A08209) of ₹200 crore on September 12, 2024.
Debenture Trustee: Vistra ITCL (India) Limited, situated at the 202. ‘A’ Wing, The Qube, Hasan Pada Rd, Mittal Industrial Estate,
Marol, Andheri-E, Mumbai 400059, are the Debenture Trustees for all the aforementioned NCD’s issued by the Company. They
may be contacted at Tel.: +91 22 2659 3333, Email id: itclcomplianceofficer@vistra.com
COMMODITY PRICE RISK OR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES
During the year under review, the Company had managed the foreign exchange and commodity price risk and hedged to
the extent considered necessary. The Company enters into forward contracts for hedging foreign exchange and commodity
exposures against exports and imports. The details of foreign currency and commodity exposure are disclosed in
Note No. 43(B)(d)(i)(a), 43(B)(d)(iv) and 43(B)(d)(v) to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
a. Total exposure of the Company to commodities: ₹16,703 crore
b. Exposure of the Company to various Commodities:
Exposure in quantity % of such exposure hedged through commodity derivatives
Exposure in ₹ towards a
Commodity Name terms towards a particular Domestic Market International Market
particular commodity Total
commodity OTC Exchange OTC Exchange
Raw Material (majorly Steel) ₹14,891 crore Note 1 - - - - -
Aluminum, Copper & Lead ₹1,812 crore 0.052 million metric tons - - 31% - 31%
Notes:
1. Mixture of commodities having different Unit of measurements
2. Above values are estimates
3. Exposure given above is relating to direct materials only
c. Commodity risks faced by the Company during the year and measures adopted to combat the same:
During the year under review, Steel & allied commodities witnessed a fall in prices majorly driven by surplus supplies over
demand. However in commodities like Copper & Aluminium there was slight increase which was mitigated through suitable
hedging actions. The Company runs comprehensive campaigns to offset impact of cost pressures, if any.
POLICY ON DETERMINING MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES
The Company adopted a Policy for Determining Material Subsidiaries of the Company, pursuant to Regulation 16(1)(c) of
the SEBI Listing Regulations. This policy is available on the Company’s website at https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
uploads/2023/10/material.pdf , pursuant to Regulation 46(2) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
During the year under review, as per the provisions of Regulation 24 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, at least one ID of the
Company is required to be appointed on the Board of unlisted material subsidiaries whose income or net worth exceeds twenty
percent of the consolidated income or net worth respectively, of the Company and its subsidiaries in the immediately preceding
accounting year.
In compliance with the above, reproduced herein below is the list of identified unlisted material subsidiary companies for FY25,
accompanied by the Company’s IDs appointed on their Board of Directors:
Unlisted material subsidiaries IDs on the Board of unlisted material subsidiaries
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Plc Ms Hanne Sorensen;
Mr Al-Noor Ramji
Jaguar Land Rover Limited Ms Hanne Sorensen
Jaguar Land Rover Holdings Limited Ms Hanne Sorensen
The Audit Committee also has a meeting wherein the CEO and CFO of subsidiary companies make a presentation on significant
issues in audit, internal control, risk management, etc. Significant issues pertaining to subsidiary companies are also discussed
at Audit Committee Meetings of the Company.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
285 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
The minutes of the subsidiary companies are placed before the Board of Directors of the Company on a quarterly basis and the
attention of the Directors is drawn to significant transactions and arrangements entered into by the subsidiary companies.
The performance of its subsidiaries is also reviewed by the Board periodically. The Company is compliant with other requirements
under Regulation 24 of the SEBI Listing Regulations with regards to its subsidiary companies.
DETAILS OF MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE LISTED ENTITY, INCLUDING THE DATE AND PLACE
OF INCORPORATION AND THE NAME AND DATE OF APPOINTMENT OF STATUTORY AUDITORS OF
SUCH SUBSIDIARIES
During the year under review, as per the provisions of Regulations 16 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, material subsidiaries shall
mean a subsidiaries whose income or net worth exceeds 10 percent of the consolidated income or net worth respectively, of the
Company and its subsidiaries in the immediately preceding accounting year.
Name of Subsidiaries Date and Place of incorporation Name of Statutory Auditors Date of Appointment
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited April 4, 2020, Mumbai B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered April 4, 2020
Accountants (Firm Registration
No.101248W/W – 100022)
TML Holdings Pte Ltd February 4, 2008, Singapore KPMG LLP, Singapore July 12, 2024
Jaguar Land Rover Holdings Limited June 16, 2000 KPMG LLP, United Kingdom September 11, 2017
England & Wales
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Plc January 18, 2008 KPMG LLP, United Kingdom September 11, 2017
England & Wales
Jaguar Land Rover Limited October 15, 1982 KPMG LLP, United Kingdom September 11, 2017
England & Wales
Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC November 18, 1985 KPMG LLP, New York September 11, 2017
Delaware, USA
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
DETAILS OF COMPLIANCE
All transactions entered into with related parties as
The Company has complied with the requirement of various
defined under the Act and Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing
rules and regulations prescribed by the Stock Exchanges,
Regulations, as amended, during the year under review were
SEBI or any other statutory authority during the last 3 years
on an arm’s length pricing (‘ALP’) basis and in the ordinary
relating to the capital markets. No penalties or strictures have
course of business (‘OCB’). These have been approved by the
been imposed by them on the Company.
Audit Committee. Certain transactions repetitive in nature
through omnibus route by the Audit Committee. Further,
VIGIL MECHANISM
the shareholders approved all the material related party
transactions for FY25, vide Ordinary Resolution passed by In accordance with the provisions of the Act and Regulation
the Shareholders at the 79th AGM of the Company held on 22 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has in place a
Vigil Mechanism and a Whistle-Blower Policy duly approved
June 24, 2024.
by the Audit Committee which provides a formal mechanism
The Audit Committee takes into consideration the for all Directors and employees of the Company to approach
management representation and an Independent Audit the Management of the Company (Audit Committee in case
Consultant’s Report, whilst scrutinizing and approving all where the concern involves the Senior Management) and
related party transactions, from the perspective of fulfilling make protective disclosures to the Management about
the criteria of meeting ALP and being transacted in the OCB. unethical behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or violation of
The detailed Policy on Related Party Transactions is available the Company’s Code of Conduct or Ethics Policy.
on the website of the Company at https://www.tatamotors.
The disclosures reported are addressed in the manner and
com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/rpt-policy.pdf
within the time frames prescribed in the Policy. During the
Details of transactions with related parties as specified in year, no director or employee of the Company has been
Indian Accounting Standards (‘IND AS 24’) have been reported denied access to the Audit Committee.
in the Financial Statements. During the year under review,
Kindly refer to the Company’s website at https://www.
there was no transaction of a material nature with any of the
tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/whistle-
related parties, which was in conflict with the interests of
blower-policy.pdf for the detailed Whistle-Blower Policy
the Company.
of Company.
80th Integrated Annual Report
286
2024-25

PREVENTION OF INSIDER TRADING CODE • Modified opinion in Audit Report: During the year under
review, there was no modified audit opinion in the
As per SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015,
Auditors’ Report on the Company’s financial statements.
the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for Prevention
of Insider Trading & Code of Corporate Disclosure Practices. The Company continues to adopt best practices to
All the Directors, employees and third parties (intermediaries ensure a regime of unmodified audit opinions in its
and fiduciaries) such as auditors, consultants etc. who could financial statements.
have access to the Unpublished Price Sensitive Information
• Reporting of Internal Auditor: The Chief Internal Auditor
of the Company are governed by this code. The trading
reports to the Audit Committee of the Company, to
window is closed during the time of declaration of results and
occurrence of any material events as per the Code. ensure independence of the Internal Audit function.
Mr P B Balaji, the Group CFO, is the Compliance Officer under • Meetings of IDs: During the year under review,
the Prohibition of Insider Trading Code and is responsible for 2 ID Meetings were held on August 1, 2024 and
setting forth procedures and implementation of the Code for March 13, 2025 without the presence of
trading in the Company’s securities. Non-Independent Directors and members of
Management. All the IDs were present at the ID Meetings
DETAILS OF UTILIZATION OF FUNDS RAISED held during FY25.
THROUGH PREFERENTIAL ALLOTMENT OR
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL PLACEMENT AS CERTIFICATE FROM PRACTISING COMPANY
SPECIFIED UNDER REGULATION 32 (7A) SECRETARIES
During the year under review, the Company did not raise any None of the Directors of the Company have been debarred or
funds through preferential allotment or qualified institutions disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors
placement specified under Regulation 32(7A) of the SEBI
of companies by the SEBI or the MCA or any such statutory
Listing Regulations.
authority. The Company has received a certificate from
M/s Parikh & Associates (Firm Registration No.
DISCLOSURES ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
P1988MH009800), Practicing Company Secretary, which is
REPORT
annexed to this Report.
The Company has complied with all the mandatory
requirements of Corporate Governance as specified in In accordance with the provisions of the Act and pursuant to
sub-paras (2) to (10) of Part C of Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulation 25(10) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company
Regulations and disclosures on compliance with corporate has procured a Directors and Officers Liability Insurance
governance requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27
Policy (D&O Policy) on behalf of all its Directors including
have been included in the relevant sections of this report.
Officers, Employees and Independent Directors. The policy
provides indemnity against personal liability arising from any
DISCRETIONARY REQUIREMENTS AS SPECIFIED
actual / alleged misrepresentation, misstatement, misleading
IN PART E OF THE SCHEDULE II OF THE SEBI
LISTING REGULATIONS: statement, error, omission, defamation, negligence, breach
of warranty of authority or breach of duty committed
• Maintenance of Chairman’s office: The Non-Executive
whilst discharging fiduciary duty during the course of their
Chairman has a separate office which is not maintained
association with the Company.
by the Company.
• Woman Independent Director: The Company has seven
CONSOLIDATED FEES PAID TO STATUTORY
IDs, including three Woman IDs.
AUDITORS
• Shareholder Rights: Annual financial performance of
B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No.
the Company is sent to all the Members whose e-mail
IDs are registered with the Company/Depositories. The 101248W/W–100022) has been appointed as the Statutory
results are also available on the Company’s website at Auditors of the Company. The payment of Statutory Auditors’
https://www.tatamotors.com/quarterly-results/ fees, on consolidated basis for FY25 is ₹ 29.72 crore.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
287 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
DISCLOSURE AS PER THE SEXUAL HARRASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION,
PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013
Please refer to the paragraph on Prevention of Sexual Harassment in the Board’s Report for detailed analysis.
DISCLOSURE BY THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES OF ‘LOANS AND ADVANCES’ IN THE
NATURE OF LOANS TO FIRMS / COMPANIES IN WHICH DIRECTORS ARE INTRESTED BY NAME
AND AMOUNT
Details of Loan and Advances
Name of Entity in which Interested (by virtue of
Name of Director Amount (in ₹)
Directorship therein) Nature of Loan & Advance
[outstanding]
Mr Girish Wagh (ED, TML) Tata Motors Body Solutions Limited By virtue of loan by TML 1,74,44,00,000
The Company is in compliance with the disclosures required to be made under this report in accordance with Regulation 34(3)
read together with Schedule V(C) to the SEBI Listing Regulations.
WEBSITE
Appropriate information on the Company’s website, regarding key policies, codes and charters, adopted by the Company:
Name of Policy, Code or Charter Brief Description Web Link
Terms of Appointment Relevant extracts form the appointment letter issued https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
of IDs to IDs detailing the broad terms and conditions of uploads/2023/11/Terms-of-Appointment-ID.pdf
their appointment.
Board Committees The composition of various committees of the Board https://www.tatamotors.com/organisation/our-
leadership/#Committeesdirectors
Tata Code of Conduct Represents the values and core principles that guide https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
the conduct of every Tata business. The Code lays uploads/2023/11/tata-code-of-conduct1.pdf
down the ethical standards that Tata colleagues need
to observe in their professional lives.
a) For Whole-time Directors & Employees
b) For NINEDs and IDs https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
uploads/2023/11/ned-id.pdf
Whistleblower Policy The Whistleblower policy has been formulated for https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
(Vigil Mechanism) Directors and employees of the Company to report uploads/2023/11/whistle-blower-policy.pdf
concerns about unethical behavior, actual or suspected
fraud or violation of the Tata Code of Conduct.
Policy on Related Party The Company has in place a Policy on Related https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
Transactions Party Transactions setting out: (a) the materiality uploads/2023/11/rpt-policy.pdf
thresholds for related parties; and (b) the manner of
dealing with transactions between the Company and
related parties, including omnibus approvals by Audit
Committee based on the provisions of the Act and
Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
Policy for determining This policy is determine material subsidiaries and https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
Material Subsidiaries material non-listed Indian subsidiaries of the Company uploads/2023/11/material.pdf
and to provide governance framework for them.
Familiarisation Programme For IDs through various programmes/ presentations. https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
uploads/2023/11/familiarisation-programme-
independent-directors.pdf
Unpaid Dividend Account Statement of unclaimed and unpaid amounts to be https://www.tatamotors.com/unclaimed-dividend/
Details transferred to the IEPF.
Corporate Social The policy outlines the Company’s strategy to bring https://static-assets.tatamotors.com/Production/
Responsibility Policy about a positive impact on society through programmes www-tatamotors-com-NEW/wp-content/
focusing on Health, Education, Employability and uploads/2025/05/CSR-Policy-FY25-26.pdf
Environment interventions for relevant target groups,
ensuring diversity and giving preference to needy and
deserving communities inhabiting urban India.
Audit Committee Charter Inter alia outlines the terms of reference, composition, https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
quorum, meeting requirements, authority and uploads/2023/11/audit_committee_charter.pdf
responsibility of the Audit Committee of the Company.
80th Integrated Annual Report
288
2024-25

Name of Policy, Code or Charter Brief Description Web Link
Policy for Approval of For the Audit Committee to oversee the services https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
Services to be rendered by rendered by the Auditors to the Tata Motors Group uploads/2024/05/auditfee-policy.pdf
the Auditors and the payment for the said services so as to ensure
that the Auditors function in an independent manner.
Policy on determination of This policy pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
Materiality for Disclosure of Listing Regulations applies to disclosures of material uploads/2023/12/materiality.pdf
Event / Information events affecting the Company and its subsidiaries. This
policy is in addition to the Company’s corporate policy.
Content Archiving Policy The policy pursuant to the Regulation 9 of the SEBI https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
Listing Regulations provides guidelines for archiving uploads/2023/11/content-archiving-policy.pdf
corporate records and documents as statutorily
required by the Company.
Code of Corporate This policy is aimed at providing timely, adequate, https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
Disclosure Practices uniform and universal dissemination of information and uploads/2023/11/CodeCorporateDisclosure.pdf
disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information
outside the Company in order to provide accurate and
timely communication to our shareholders and the
financial markets.
Dividend Distribution Policy This policy pursuant to the Regulation 43A of the SEBI https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
Listing Regulations outlines the financial parameters uploads/2023/11/dividend-distribution-policy.pdf
and factors that are to be considered whilst
declaring dividend.
Remuneration Policy This policy formulates the criteria for determining https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
qualifications, competencies, positive attributes and uploads/2023/11/remuneration-policy.pdf
independence for the appointment of a director
(executive / non-executive) and also the criteria
for determining the remuneration of the directors,
key managerial personnel, senior management and
other employees.
Dispute Resolution Standard Operating Procedure for dispute resolution https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/
Mechanism under Stock Exchanges Arbitration Mechanism, uploads/2023/12/TML-SOP-Dispute-Mechanism.pdf
for dispute redressal between the Listed Company
and its / Registrar and Share Transfer Agents to
the issue and/ or its Share Transfer Agent and its
shareholder(s) / investor(s)
On behalf of the Board of Directors
N Chandrasekaran
Chairman
Mumbai, May 13, 2025 DIN: 00121863
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
289 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
DECLARATION BY THE CEO UNDER REGULATION 26(3) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 REGARDING ADHERENCE TO THE CODE
OF CONDUCT
Pursuant to Regulation 26(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Board Members
and the Senior Management personnel of the Company have affirmed compliance to their respective Codes of Conduct, as
applicable to them for the financial year ended March 31, 2025.
For Tata Motors Limited
Girish Wagh
Executive Director
DIN: 03119361
Mumbai, May 13, 2025
80th Integrated Annual Report
290
2024-25

CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION IN RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND CASH FLOW
STATEMENT PURSUANT TO REGULATION 17(8) OF SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS & DISCLOSURE
REQUIREMENTS), REGULATIONS, 2015 FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2025
We have reviewed the Financial Statements and the Cash Flow Statement for the year ended March 31, 2024 and we hereby
certify and confirm to the best of our knowledge and belief the following:
a. The Financial Statements and Cash Flow statement do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material
fact or contain statements that might be misleading.
b. The Financial Statements and the Cash Flow Statement together present a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company
and are in compliance with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
c. There are no transactions entered into by the Company during the year ended March 31, 2025 which are fraudulent, illegal
or violative of Company’s Code of Conduct.
d. We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for Financial Reporting and we have evaluated
the effectiveness of these internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting. Deficiencies noted,
if any, are discussed with the Auditors and the Audit Committee, as appropriate, and suitable actions are taken to rectify
the same.
e. There have been no significant changes in the above-mentioned internal controls over financial reporting during the
relevant period.
f. There have been no significant changes in the accounting policies during the relevant period.
g. We have not noticed any significant fraud particularly those involving the, management or an employee having a significant
role in the Company’s internal control system over Financial Reporting.
For Tata Motors Limited
Girish Wagh P B Balaji
Executive Director Tata Motors Group
DIN: 03119361 Chief Financial Officer
Mumbai, May 13, 2025
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
291 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Corporate Governance
PRACTISING COMPANY SECRETARIES’ CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
TO THE MEMBERS OF
TATA MOTORS LIMITED
We have examined the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance by Tata Motors Limited (‘the Company’) for
the year ended on March 31, 2025, as stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of
Regulation 46 and para C, D & E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”).
The compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. Our examination was limited
to the review of procedures and implementation thereof, as adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with conditions
of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and the representations made by
the Directors and the Management and considering the relaxations granted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities
and Exchange Board of India, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as
stipulated in the SEBI Listing Regulations for the year ended on March 31, 2025.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Parikh & Associates
Practising Company Secretaries
P. N. Parikh
Partner
FCS: 327 CP: 1228
UDIN:F000327G000325014
PR No.:6556/2025
Mumbai
Date: 13.05.2025
80th Integrated Annual Report
292
2024-25

PRACTISING COMPANY SECRETARIES’ CERTIFICATE ON DIRECTORS NON-DISQUALIFICATION
(pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Members
TATA MOTORS LIMITED
Bombay House,
24 Homi Mody Street,
Mumbai - 400001
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of TATA MOTORS
LIMITED having CIN L28920MH1945PLC004520 and having registered office at Bombay House, 24 Homi Mody Street, Mumbai
400001 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before me/us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this
Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number
(DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its
officers, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending
on 31st March, 2025 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the
Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
S. No. Name of Director DIN Date of Appointment in Company*
1. Natarajan Chandrasekaran 00121863 17/01/2017
2. Om Prakash Bhatt 00548091 09/05/2017
3. Hanne Birgitte Breinbjerg Sorensen 08035439 03/01/2018
4. Vedika Bhandarkar 00033808 26/06/2019
5. Veerayya Kosaraju Chowdary 08485334 27/10/2020
6. Al Noor Ramji 00230865 01/05/2022
7. Usha Sangwan 02609263 15/05/2023
8. Girish Arun Wagh 03119361 01/07/2021
9. Bharat Puri 02173566 15/05/2024
* the date of appointment is as per the MCA Portal.
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management
of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an
assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has
conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Parikh & Associates
Practising Company Secretaries
P. N. Parikh
Partner
FCS: 327 CP: 1228
UDIN: F000327G000325036
PR No.:6556/2025
Mumbai
Date: 13.05.2025
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
293 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of Tata Motors Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements
Opinion
that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial
We have audited the consolidated financial statements statements in terms of the Code of Ethics issued by the
of Tata Motors Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the relevant
“Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries (Holding Company provisions of the Act, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”), responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We
its associates, joint ventures, joint operations (including believe that the audit evidence obtained by us along with
its subsidiary company) and Trust, which comprise the the consideration of reports of the other auditors referred
consolidated balance sheet as at 31 March 2025, and the to in paragraph (a) of the “Other Matters” section below, is
consolidated statement of profit and loss (including other sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion
comprehensive income), consolidated statement of changes on the consolidated financial statements.
in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the
year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
Emphasis of Matter
statements, including material accounting policies and other
We draw attention to Note 51 to the consolidated financial
explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the
statements which describes the overall accounting and
consolidated financial statements”).
the basis for restatement of the comparative financial
In our opinion and to the best of our information and information for the year ended 31 March 2024 by the Holding
according to the explanations given to us, and based on the Company’s Management consequent to the Scheme of
consideration of reports of the other auditors on separate/ arrangement (‘Scheme’) for merger of Tata Motors Finance
consolidated financial statements/financial information Limited (a step-down subsidiary of the Holding Company)
of such subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and joint with Tata Capital Limited. The Scheme has been approved
operations as were audited by the other auditors, the by the National Company Law Tribunal (‘NCLT’) vide its order
aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the dated 01 May 2025 with appointed date of 1 April 2024 and a
information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) in certified copy has been filed by Tata Motors Finance Limited,
the manner so required and in the context of the overriding with the Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra, on 08 May
effect of the provision in the Scheme of arrangement as 2025. In accordance with the scheme approved by NCLT, the
approved by the National Company Law Tribunal (‘NCLT’), Holding Company has given effect to the Scheme from the
regarding accounting of sale of discontinued operations from retrospective appointed date specified therein i.e. 1 April
the specified retrospective appointed date give a true and fair 2024 which overrides the relevant requirement of Ind AS 110
view in conformity with the accounting principles generally (according to which the Scheme would have been accounted
accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the for from 08 May 2025 which is the date of loss of control
Group, its associates, joint ventures and joint operations as per the aforesaid standard). The financial impact of the
as at 31 March 2025, of its consolidated profit and other aforesaid treatment has been disclosed in the aforesaid note.
comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity and
Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended.
Key Audit Matters
Basis for Opinion
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on
judgment and based on the consideration of reports of other
Auditing (SAs) specified under Section 143(10) of the Act. Our
auditors on separate/consolidated financial statements of
responsibilities under those SAs are further described in the
components audited by them, were of most significance in
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the
Financial Statements section of our report. We are
current period. These matters were addressed in the context
independent of the Group, its associates, joint ventures and
of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a
joint operations in accordance with the ethical requirements
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.
80th Integrated Annual Report
294
2024-25

Estimation of warranty provision
See Note 33 to consolidated financial statements
The key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
The Group incurs a liability for warranty contracts on In view of the significance of the matter, we and the auditor
new vehicle sales, in terms of which it is obligated to of the component (JLR Group) applied the following audit
provide repair services for manufacturing defects over the procedures in this area:
contractual warranty period, as well as recall campaigns,
Test of Controls:
customer goodwill and the Group’s other obligations under
the warranty. As at 31 March 2025, the Group has warranty Evaluated the design and implementation and tested the
provisions of Rs. 28,080 crores. operating effectiveness of controls related to computation and
approval of the warranty provisions. This includes evaluation
The Group records a warranty provision at period end which
of assumptions and information related to expected warranty
involves complexity, judgement and significant level of
cost per vehicle and future events related to expected cost
uncertainty. The computation of the provision considers the
savings underlying the warranty provision computation.
historical actual claims data and the recent data trends to
estimate the expected payouts for vehicles sold in respective Test of details:
years. Such expected payouts are adjusted for any cost
• Evaluated any changes made to the provision policy and
savings expected from various ongoing quality initiatives.
computation model;
There is an inherent uncertainty related to future events
which may not mirror past experience. The likelihood of • Assessed and challenged the assumptions applied,
risk of material misstatement has further increased due to including repair cost per vehicle under campaigns and
increasing warranty spend in the year which has diverged disbursement curve analysis through analysis of historic
from provision levels. data and sensitivity analysis. Further, for JLR Group,
recomputed warranty provision by involving the data
For JLR Group, there is an additional risk of fraud in relation
analytics team;
to warranties in respect of campaigns as each individual
campaign is influenced by distinct factors relevant to its • Identified and tested the completeness and accuracy
specific context thus complicating costs predictions and of underlying information used in computation of
increasing the potential for management bias. provision with the assistance of our Information
technology specialists;
Provision for product warranty is a key audit matter
due to high estimation uncertainty and involvement of • Tested actualization of estimated warranty provision
significant judgement. using statistical sampling;
• Performed retrospective assessment of provision by
comparing estimated and actual payments against
warranty claims;
• For JLR Group, assessed the assumptions applied
using our own knowledge of recent campaigns and
product recalls in the industry based on independent
research; and
• Evaluated the adequacy of Group’s disclosures relating
to the estimation of Product warranty provisions and
related sensitivities.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
295 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Capitalisation of product engineering costs as reported by the component auditor of Jaguar Land Rover Automotive PLC
(hereinafter referred to as JLR Group)
See Note 6 to consolidated financial statements
The key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
Accounting Treatment The audit procedures applied by the auditor of the component
(JLR Group) included:
The JLR Group has historically capitalised a significant
portion of its product development costs. A key judgment is - C ontrol operation: Tested controls including in relation
involved in determining whether these costs meet the criteria to the Directors’ assessment as to whether product
for capitalisation. engineering costs are eligible for capitalisation;
These include confirming the technical feasibility of - Personnel interviews: Corroborated judgements made
developing the asset for use or for sale and ensuring that by the Directors around the continuation of capitalisation
the costs capitalised are directly attributable. There is a risk of product engineering costs through discussions with
that the JLR Group may capitalise costs that do not meet project level staff;
this criteria.
- Component auditor’s sector experience: Critically
In addition, it is noted that there is a risk of fraud around assessed the Directors’ judgements regarding product
the allocation of directly attributable expenditure to the engineering costs identified by the Directors as being
correct project codes to ensure appropriate costs are eligible for capitalisation against both the accounting
being capitalised. standards and our experience of practical application of
these standards in other companies;
- Tests of details: For a sample of product engineering
costs identified by the Directors as being eligible for
capitalisation, agreed that their nature was consistent
with the description of the account to which those
costs were recorded, and the timing of recognition
was appropriate. In addition, the component auditor
inspected any reallocations from accounts ineligible for
capitalisation to accounts that are eligible as capitalised
project engineering costs, which the component auditor
would consider to meet the criteria of a high risk journal,
and obtained evidence to assess the appropriateness of
the reallocation; and
- Assessing transparency: Assessed the adequacy of the
Group’s disclosures in respect of the key judgements
made relating to the nature of the costs capitalised.
Valuation of defined benefit plan obligations as reported by the component auditor of JLR Group
See Note 36 to consolidated financial statements
The key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
Subjective valuation The audit procedures applied by the auditor of the component
(JLR Group) included:
Small changes in the assumptions applied in the valuation
of the liabilities, being the discount rate, inflation rate and - Control operation: Tested controls operating over the
mortality/life expectancy used to value the JLR Group’s assumptions applied in the valuation and inspected the
pension obligation (before deducting scheme assets) would JLR Group’s annual evaluation of the assumptions used
have a significant effect on the JLR Group’s net pension surplus. by its actuarial expert. Tested the JLR Group’s controls
operating over selection and monitoring of its actuarial
The effect of these matters is that, as part of our risk
expert for competence and objectivity;
assessment, we determined that the JLR Group’s pension
obligation has a high degree of estimation uncertainty, - Benchmarking assumptions: Challenged, with the
with a potential range of reasonable outcomes greater than support of their own actuarial specialists, the key
our materiality for the financial statements as a whole, and assumptions applied, being the discount rate, inflation
possibly many times that amount. rate and mortality/life expectancy to externally
derived data;
80th Integrated Annual Report
296
2024-25

Valuation of defined benefit plan obligations as reported by the component auditor of JLR Group
See Note 36 to consolidated financial statements
The key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
The financial statements (note 36) disclose the sensitivity - Assessing actuaries’ credentials: Evaluated the
estimated by the JLR Group. competency, capability and objectivity of the JLR
Group’s external experts who assisted in determining
the actuarial assumptions used to determine the defined
benefit obligation; and
- Assessing transparency: Considered the adequacy of
the Group’s disclosures in respect of the sensitivity of
the obligation to these assumptions.
Other Information generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting
Standards (Ind AS) specified under Section 133 of the Act.
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors
The respective Management and Board of Directors of the
are responsible for the other information. The other
companies included in the Group and of its associates, joint
information comprises the information included in the annual
ventures, joint operations (including its subsidiary company)
report, but does not include the financial statements and
and Board of Trustees of the Trust are responsible for
auditor’s reports thereon. The annual report is expected to
maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance
be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does each company and the Trust and for preventing and detecting
not cover the other information and we will not express any frauds and other irregularities; the selection and application
form of assurance conclusion thereon. of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design,
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
financial controls, that were operating effectively for
identified above when it becomes available and, in doing
ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting
so, consider whether the other information is materially
records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to
view and are free from material misstatement, whether due
be materially misstated.
to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of
When we read the annual report, if we conclude that there preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the
is a material misstatement therein, we are required to Management and Board of Directors of the Holding Company,
communicate the matter to those charged with governance as aforesaid.
and take necessary actions, as applicable under the relevant
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the
laws and regulations.
respective Management and Board of Directors of the
companies included in the Group and of its associates,
Management’s and Board of Directors’ and
joint ventures, joint operations (including its subsidiary
Board of Trustees’ Responsibilities for the company) and Board of Trustees of the Trust are responsible
Consolidated Financial Statements for assessing the ability of each company and the Trust to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
are responsible for the preparation and presentation of accounting unless the respective Board of Directors/ Board of
these consolidated financial statements in term of the Trustees either intends to liquidate the company/ Trust or to
requirements of the Act that give a true and fair view of the cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
consolidated state of affairs, consolidated profit/ loss and
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included
other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
in the Group and of its associates, joint ventures, joint
changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group
operations (including its subsidiary company) and Board
including its associates, joint ventures, joint operations
of Trustees of the Trust are responsible for overseeing the
and Trust in accordance with the accounting principles
financial reporting process of each company and the Trust.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
297 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the future events or conditions may cause the Group and its
associates and joint ventures and joint operations to
Consolidated Financial Statements
cease to continue as a going concern.
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud of the consolidated financial statements, including the
or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, statements represent the underlying transactions and
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
the financial statements/financial information of such
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
entities or business activities within the Group and
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
its associates and joint ventures and joint operations
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
financial statements.
statements. We are responsible for the direction,
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise supervision and performance of the audit of the financial
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism statements/financial information of such entities
throughout the audit. We also: included in the consolidated financial statements
of which we are the independent auditors. For the
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement other entities included in the consolidated financial
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due statements, which have been audited by other auditors,
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures such other auditors remain responsible for the direction,
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence supervision and performance of the audits carried out
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit
for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material opinion. Our responsibilities in this regard are further
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for described in paragraph (a) of the section titled “Other
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, Matters” in this audit report.
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
We communicate with those charged with governance of
the override of internal control.
the Holding Company and such other entities included in
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the consolidated financial statements of which we are the
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the
appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3) planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit
(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
opinion on whether the company has adequate internal control that we identify during our audit.
financial controls with reference to financial statements
We also provide those charged with governance with a
in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies requirements regarding independence, and to communicate
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates with them all relationships and other matters that may
and related disclosures made by the Management and reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and
Board of Directors. where applicable, related safeguards.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management From the matters communicated with those charged with
and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis governance, we determine those matters that were of
of accounting in preparation of consolidated financial most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial
statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, statements of the current period and are therefore the key
whether a material uncertainty exists related to events audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s
or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
appropriateness of this assumption. If we conclude about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to we determine that a matter should not be communicated
draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related in our report because the adverse consequences of doing
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. interest benefits of such communication.
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However,
80th Integrated Annual Report
298
2024-25

Other Matters The Group’s management has converted the financial
statements/financial information of such step-down
a. We did not audit the financial statements of one joint
subsidiaries, located outside India from accounting
operation, whose financial statements reflects total
principles generally accepted in their respective
assets (before consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 9,236
countries to accounting principles generally accepted in
crores as at 31 March 2025, total revenues (before
India. We have audited these conversion adjustments
consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 14,696 crores and
made by the Group’s management. Our opinion in
net cash inflows (before consolidation adjustments)
so far as it relates to the balances and affairs of such
amounting to Rs. 64 crores for the year ended on
step-down subsidiaries, located outside India is based
that date, as considered in the consolidated financial
on the reports of other auditors and the conversion
statements. These financial statements have been
adjustments prepared by the management of the Group
audited by other auditor whose report has been
and audited by us.
furnished to us by the Management, and our opinion
on the consolidated financial statements in so far as Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements,
it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory
respect of this joint operation, and our report in terms Requirements below, is not modified in respect of the
of sub-section (3) of Section 143 of the Act, in so far as above matters with respect to our reliance on the work
it relates to the aforesaid joint operation, is based solely done and the reports of the other auditors.
on the report of the other auditor.
b. The financial statements/financial information of three
We did not audit the financial statements / financial subsidiaries and six step-down subsidiaries, whose
information of two subsidiaries and 56 step-down financial statements/financial information reflects total
subsidiaries, whose financial statements/financial assets (before consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 1,250
information reflect total assets (before consolidation crores as at 31 March 2025, total revenues (before
adjustments) of Rs. 301,944 crores as at 31 March 2025, consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 539 crores and net
total revenues (before consolidation adjustments) cash inflows (before consolidation adjustments) (net)
of Rs. 314,573 crores and net cash outflows (before amounting to Rs. 34 crores for the year ended on
consolidation adjustments) (net) amounting to Rs. 776 that date, as considered in the consolidated financial
crores for the year ended on that date, as considered in statements, have not been audited either by us or by
the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated other auditors. The consolidated financial statements
financial statements also include the Group’s share also include the Group’s share of net profit (and other
of net loss (and other comprehensive income) of Rs. 2 comprehensive income) of Rs. 127 crores for the year
crores for the year ended 31 March 2025, in respect of ended 31 March 2025, as considered in the consolidated
three associates, four joint ventures and one associate financial statements, in respect of four associates,
of a subsidiary, whose financial statements/financial whose financial statements/financial information have
information have not been audited by us. These financial not been audited by us or by other auditors. These
statements/financial information have been audited by unaudited financial statements/financial information
other auditors whose reports have been furnished to us have been furnished to us by the Management and our
by the Management and our opinion on the consolidated opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so
financial statements, in so far as it relates to the far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included
amounts and disclosures included in respect of these in respect of these subsidiaries, step-down subsidiaries
subsidiaries, step-down subsidiaries, joint ventures and and associates, and our report in terms of sub-section
associates, and our report in terms of sub-section (3) (3) of Section 143 of the Act in so far as it relates to
of Section 143 of the Act, in so far as it relates to the the aforesaid subsidiaries, step-down subsidiaries and
aforesaid subsidiaries, step-down subsidiaries, joint associates, is based solely on such unaudited financial
ventures and associates is based solely on the reports of statements / financial information. In our opinion and
the other auditors. according to the information and explanations given
to us by the Management, these financial statements/
Two of these step-subsidiaries are located outside
financial information are not material to the Group.
India whose financial statements and other financial
information have been prepared in accordance with Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements,
accounting principles generally accepted in their and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory
respective countries and which have been audited Requirements below, is not modified in respect of this
by other auditors under generally accepted auditing matter with respect to the financial statements/financial
standards applicable in their respective countries. information certified by the Management.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
299 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Report on Other Legal and Regulatory the consolidated statement of changes in
equity and the consolidated statement of
Requirements
cash flows dealt with by this Report are in
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, agreement with the relevant books of account
2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government of maintained for the purpose of preparation of
India in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in the consolidated financial statements .
the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in
d. In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated
paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
financial statements comply with the Ind AS
2 A. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on specified under Section 133 of the Act read
our audit and on the consideration of reports of the with the overriding effect of the Scheme
other auditors on separate/consolidated financial approved by the NCLT as described in
statements of such subsidiaries, associates, joint Emphasis of Matter paragraph above.
ventures and joint operations as were audited by
e. On the basis of the written representations
other auditors, as noted in the “Other Matters”
received from the directors of the Holding
paragraph, we report, to the extent applicable, that:
Company as on 1 April 2025 and 10 April 2025
a. We have sought and obtained all the taken on record by the Board of Directors of
information and explanations which to the Holding Company and the reports of the
the best of our knowledge and belief were statutory auditors of its subsidiary companies,
necessary for the purposes of our audit of the step-down subsidiary companies, associate
aforesaid consolidated financial statements. companies, joint venture companies and joint
operation companies incorporated in India,
b. In our opinion, proper books of account as
none of the directors of the Group companies,
required by law relating to preparation of the
its associate companies, joint venture
aforesaid consolidated financial statements
companies and joint operation companies
have been kept so far as it appears from our
incorporated in India is disqualified as on
examination of those books and the reports
31 March 2025 from being appointed as a
of the other auditors, except :
director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
• for the matter stated in paragraph 2(B)
f. the modification relating to the maintenance
(f) below on reporting under Rule 11(g)
of accounts and other matters connected
of the Companies (Audit and Auditors
therewith are as stated in the paragraph 2A(B)
Rules), 2014,
above on reporting under Section 143(3)
• in case of one subsidiary company, the (b) of the Act and paragraph 2B(f) below on
back-up of the Accounting software used reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies
for maintaining general ledger which (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.
forms part of the books of account and
g. With respect to the adequacy of the internal
other relevant books and papers in
financial controls with reference to financial
electronic mode has not been kept on
statements of the Holding Company, its
servers physically located in India on a
subsidiary companies, associate companies,
daily basis,
joint venture companies and joint operation
• in case of one step-down subsidiary companies (including its subsidiary company)
company, we are unable to comment incorporated in India and the operating
whether the back-up of the accounting effectiveness of such controls, refer to our
software which forms part of the books separate Report in “Annexure B”.
of account and other relevant books and
B. With respect to the other matters to be included
papers in electronic mode has been kept
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11
on servers physically located in India
of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014,
on a daily basis from 1 April 2024 to 31
in our opinion and to the best of our information
July 2024.
and according to the explanations given to us and
c. The consolidated balance sheet, the based on the consideration of the reports of the
consolidated statement of profit and loss other auditors on separate/ consolidated financial
(including other comprehensive income), statements of the subsidiaries, associates, joint
80th Integrated Annual Report
300
2024-25

ventures and joint operations, as noted in the any other person or entities, including
“Other Matters” paragraph: foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with
the understanding, whether recorded
a. The consolidated financial statements
in writing or otherwise, that the
disclose the impact of pending litigations as at
Intermediary shall directly or indirectly
31 March 2025 on the consolidated financial
lend or invest in other persons or entities
position of the Group, its associates and joint
identified in any manner whatsoever by or
ventures and joint operations. Refer Note 41
on behalf of the Holding Company or any
to the consolidated financial statements.
of such subsidiary companies, associate
b. Provision has been made in the consolidated companies, joint venture companies and
financial statements, as required under joint operation companies (“Ultimate
the applicable law or Ind AS, for material Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee,
foreseeable losses, if any, on long-term security or the like on behalf of the
contracts including derivative contracts. Ultimate Beneficiaries.
Refer Note 28 to the consolidated financial
(ii) The respective management of the
statements in respect of such items as it
Holding Company and its subsidiary
relates to the Group, its associates, joint
companies, associate companies, joint
ventures and joint operations.
venture companies and joint operation
c. There is one instance of delay in transferring companies incorporated in India
amounts, required to be transferred, to the whose financial statements/financial
Investor Education and Protection Fund by information have been audited under
the Holding Company amounting to Rs. 0.08 the Act have represented to us and
crores during the year. Further, there has the other auditors of such subsidiary
been no delay in transferring amounts to companies, associate companies, joint
the Investor Education and Protection Fund venture companies and joint operation
by its subsidiary companies, step-down companies respectively that, to the best
subsidiary companies, associate companies, of their knowledge and belief, as diclosed
joint venture companies and joint operation in the Note 50(e) to the consolidated
companies incorporated in India during the financial statements, no funds have been
year ended 31 March 2025. received by the Holding Company or any
of such subsidiary companies, associate
d (i) The respective management of the
companies, joint venture companies
Holding Company and its subsidiary
and joint operation companies from any
companies, associate companies, joint
persons or entities, including foreign
venture companies and joint operations
entities (“Funding Parties”), with the
incorporated in India whose financial
understanding, whether recorded in
statements/financial information
writing or otherwise, that the Holding
have been audited under the Act have
Company or any of such subsidiary
represented to us and the other auditors
companies, associate companies, joint
of such subsidiary companies, associate
venture companies and joint operation
companies, joint venture companies and
companies shall directly or indirectly,
joint operation companies respectively
lend or invest in other persons or entities
that, to the best of their knowledge
identified in any manner whatsoever
and belief, except as disclosed in
by or on behalf of the Funding Parties
the Note 50(d) to the consolidated
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any
financial statements, no funds have
guarantee, security or the like on behalf
been advanced or loaned or invested
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(either from borrowed funds or share
premium or any other sources or kind of (iii) Based on the audit procedures that
funds) by the Holding Company of any have been considered reasonable
such subsidiary companies, associate and appropriate in the circumstances
companies, joint venture companies performed by us and performed by the
and joint operation companies to or in auditors of the subsidiary companies,
associate companies and joint venture
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
301 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

companies and joint operations the same has operated throughout the year
companies incorporated in India for all relevant transactions recorded in the
whose financial statements/financial respective softwares:
information have been audited under
i. in respect of the Holding Company
the Act nothing has come to our or the
and its two subsidiary companies, the
other auditors notice that has caused
feature of recording audit trail (edit log)
us or the other auditors to believe that
facility was not enabled at the database
the representations under sub-clause
level to log any direct data changes
(i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided
for the accounting software used for
under (i) and (ii) above, contain any
maintaining price master, variable
material misstatement.
marketing expenses and time records for
e. The Board of Directors of the Holding product development cost;
Company and a subsidiary company, a
ii. in respect of the Holding Company, in
step-down subsidiary company and certain
the absence of coverage of audit trail
associate companies incorporated in India
(edit log) with respect to database level
have proposed final dividend for the year
in the independent auditor’s report
which is subject to the approval of the
in relation to controls at the service
respective members at the ensuing Annual
organisation for accounting software
General Meeting. The dividend declared is in
used for preparation of financial
accordance with Section 123 of the Act to the
statements, which is operated by third-
extent it applies to declaration of dividend. The
party software service provider, we are
final dividend paid by the Holding Company,
unable to comment whether the audit
certain subsidiary companies and associate
trail feature of the database level of the
companies during the year, in respect of the
said software was enabled and operated
same declared for the previous year, is in
throughout the year for all relevant
accordance with Section 123 of the Act to the
transactions recorded in the software;
extent it applies to payment of dividend. The
interim dividend declared and paid by certain iii. in respect of one joint operation
subsidiary companies, a step-down subsidiary company and its subsidiary company
company, an associate company and a joint for the accounting software used
operation company during the year and until for maintaining:
the date of this audit report is in compliance
• its general ledger, the feature of
with Section 123 of the Act.
recording audit trail (edit log) facility
f. Based on our examination, which included was not enabled from 1 April 2024
test checks, considering reports of to 29 January 2025. Further, the
independent auditor’s in relation to controls audit trail feature was not enabled
at the service organisation for accounting in respect of direct create action at
softwares and the procedures performed the database level; and
by the respective auditors of the subsidiary
• payroll records, the feature of
companies, step-down subsidiary companies,
recording audit trail (edit log)
associate company and joint operation
facility was not enabled at the
companies which are companies incorporated
application level for the period
in India whose financial statements/financial
from 1 April 2024 to 21 March 2025;
information have been audited under the Act,
except for the instances mentioned below, iv. in respect of one joint operation
the Holding Company and its subsidiary company, the feature of recording audit
companies, step-down subsidiary companies, trail (edit log) facility is not enabled
associate company and joint operation for direct changes to data when using
companies have used accounting softwares certain access rights;
for maintaining its books of account which,
v. in respect of one subsidiary company,
along with privilege access management
due to the absence of sufficient and
tools, wherever applicable, have a feature
appropriate reporting on compliance
of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and
with the audit trail requirements at
80th Integrated Annual Report
302
2024-25

database level in the independent joint venture companies, audit trail (edit
auditor’s report of the service log) facility for direct changes done to the
organization available for period upto 31 data when using certain privilege access
December 2024 and in the absence of the and at the database level for accounting
independent auditor’s report of service software was not enabled;
organization for the balance period, we
x. in respect of one subsidiary company,
are unable to comment whether audit
the company has used spreadsheets
trail feature at the database level of the
for maintaining underlying records of
said software was enabled and operated
the financial statements which is not
throughout the year for all relevant
considered as ‘books of account’ in
transactions recorded in the software;
accordance with the Implementation
vi. in respect of one step-down subsidiary Guide on Reporting on Audit Trail under
company, the feature of recording audit Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and
trail (edit log) facility was not enabled: Auditors) Rules, 2014. Accordingly,
reporting under Rule 11(g) of the
• t hroughout the year for certain
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
fields at the application level of
2014 is not applicable; and
the accounting software used for
maintaining aftermarket spare parts xi. in respect of one step-down subsidiary,
accounting process. Further, the security audit log parameter has been
feature of audit trail (edit log) was enabled on and available from 17 March
not enabled at the database level 2025. Further, in the absence of the
to log any direct data changes in Service Organisation Controls report in
the accounting software used for respect of invoice processing software
aftermarket spare parts accounting which is operated by a third party service
process; and provider, the auditor of the step-down
subsidiary is unable to comment whether
• at the database level to log
the audit trail feature was enabled and
any direct data changes in the
operated throughout the year for all
accounting software used for
relevant transactions recorded in the
maintaining general ledger,
payroll processing software.
property, plant and equipment,
purchases, inventory and sales Further, where audit trail (edit log) facility
records during 01 April 2024 to 22 was enabled and operated, we and
February 2025; respective auditors of such subsidiary
companies, step-down subsidiary
vii. in respect of one subsidiary company
companies, associate companies, joint
and one associate company, the feature
venture companies and joint operation
of recording audit trail (edit log) facility
companies did not come across any
was not enabled at the database level
instance of the audit trail feature being
to log any direct data changes for
tampered with.
the accounting softwares used for
maintaining the books of account; Additionally, except where the audit
trail (edit log) facility was not enabled
viii. in respect of one associate company, the
in the previous year, the audit trail
feature of recording audit trail (edit log)
has been preserved by the Holding
facility was not enabled throughout the
Company, subsidiary companies, step-
year for certain fields at the application
down subsidiary companies, associate
level of the accounting software used
companies, joint venture companies
for maintaining general ledgers relating
and joint operation companies as per
to journal entries, sales, purchases,
the statutory requirements for record
inventory and consumption, property,
retention, except for the accounting
plant and equipment and payroll records;
software used for preparation of financial
ix. in respect of one associate company, statements of the Holding Company where
its seven subsidiary companies and five the audit trail has not been preserved.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
303 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

C. With respect to the matter to be included in the its subsidiary companies, step-down subsidiary
Auditor’s Report under Section 197(16) of the Act: companies, associate companies, joint venture
companies and joint operation companies is not in
In our opinion and according to the information
excess of the limit laid down under Section 197 of
and explanations given to us and based on the
the Act. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not
reports of the statutory auditors of such subsidiary
prescribed other details under Section 197(16) of
companies, step-down subsidiary companies,
the Act which are required to be commented upon
associate companies, joint venture companies
by us.
and joint operation company incorporated in India
which were not audited by us, the remuneration For B S R & Co. LLP
paid during the current year by the Holding Chartered Accountants
Company and its subsidiary companies, step-down Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
subsidiary companies, associate companies, joint
venture companies and joint operation companies
Vijay Mathur
to its directors is in accordance with the provisions
Partner
of Section 197 of the Act. The remuneration paid
to any director by the Holding Company and Place: Mumbai Membership No.: 046476
Date: 13 May 2025 ICAI UDIN:25046476BMOWLZ2780
80th Integrated Annual Report
304
2024-25

Annexure A to the Independent Auditor’s Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements of Tata
Motors Limited for the year ended 31 March 2025
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of
our report of even date)
(xxi) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, following companies incorporated in India
and included in the consolidated financial statements, have unfavourable remarks, qualification or adverse remarks given
by the respective auditors in their reports under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (CARO):
Clause number of the CARO
Sr. Holding Company/
Name of the entities CIN report which is unfavourable
No. Subsidiary/ JV/ Associate
or qualified or adverse
1 Tata Motors Limited L28920MH1945PLC004520 Parent Company Clause (iii)(c), (iii)(d), (vii)(a)
and (ix)(d)
2 Tata Motors Body Solutions Limited U34101MH2006PLC164771 Subsidiary Clause (i)(c), (vii)(a), (ix)(d)
and (xvii)
3 Automobile Corporation of Goa Limited L35911GA1980PLC000400 Associate Clause (i)(c) and (vii)(a)
4 Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited U34100MH2021PLC373648 Subsidiary Clause (xvii)
5 TML Smart City Mobility Solutions U34300MH2022PLC383389 Subsidiary Clause (ix)(e), (xvii) and (xix)
Limited
6 TML Smart City Mobility Solutions (J&K) U34300JK2022PTC013897 Step-down subsidiary Clause (xvii) and (xix)
Private Limited
7 Brabo Robotics and Automation Limited U29309MH2019PLC328152 Subsidiary Clause (xvii) and (xix)
8 Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited U72900MH2020PLC339230 Subsidiary Clause (ix)(d)
9 TML CV Mobility Solutions Limited U50500MH2021PLC361754 Subsidiary Clause (vii)(a), (xvii) and (xix)
10 Jaguar Land Rover Technology and U71100MH2016PTC339515 Subsidiary Clause (vii)(a)
Business Services India Private Limited
11 TML Commercial Vehicles Limited U29102MH2024PLC427506 Subsidiary Clause (xvii)
12 TMF Business Services Limited U45200MH1989PLC050444 Subsidiary Clause (xix)
13 Automotive Stampings And Assemblies L28932PN1990PLC016314 Associate (ix)(d)
Limited
14 TACO Punch Powertrain Private Limited U29200PN2022PTC217236 Subsidiary of associate (xvii)
15 TACO EV Component Solutions Private U29100PN2022PTC217137 Subsidiary of associate (xvii)
Limited
16 TMRP AutoTrims Private Limited U45300PN2023PTC222605 Joint venture of associate (ix)(d) and (xvii)
17 TMWB Foam Private Limited U29303PN2024PTC227253 Joint venture of associate (ix)(d) and (xvii)
18 TM FAINSA Railway Private Limited U35923PN2023PTC217768 Joint venture of associate (ix)(d)
The above does not include comments, if any, in respect of the following entities as the CARO report relating to them has
not been issued by its auditor till the date of principal auditor’s report.
Name of the entities CIN Subsidiary/ JV/ Associate
Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery Company Private Limited U85110KA1998PTC024588 Associate
Tata Precision Industries (India) Limited U29120MP1995PLC009773 Associate
Freight Commerce Solutions Private Limited U74120MH2014PTC255210 Associate
BMW TechWorks India Private Limited U62099MH2025PLC443024 Associate of subsidiary
Tata Motors Digital.AI Labs Limited U62013PN2024PTC233168 Subsidiary
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Vijay Mathur
Partner
Place: Mumbai Membership No.: 046476
Date: 13 May 2025 ICAI UDIN:25046476BMOWLZ2780
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
305 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Annexure B to the Independent Auditor’s Report on the consolidated financial statements of Tata
Motors Limited for the year ended 31 March 2025
Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid consolidated financial
statements under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(g) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section
of our report of even date)
Opinion financial controls that were operating effectively for
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business,
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial
including adherence to the respective company’s policies,
statements of Tata Motors Limited (hereinafter referred to
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection
as “the Holding Company”) as of and for the year ended 31
of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the
March 2025, we have audited the internal financial controls
accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable
with reference to financial statements of the Holding
financial information, as required under the Act.
Company and such companies incorporated in India under the
Act which are its subsidiary companies, associate companies,
joint venture companies and joint operation companies Auditor’s Responsibility
(including its subsidiary company), as of that date.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal
In our opinion and based on the consideration of reports financial controls with reference to financial statements based
of the other auditors on internal financial controls with on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the
reference to financial statements/financial information of Guidance Note and the Standards on Auditing, prescribed
subsidiary companies, associate companies, joint venture under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable
companies and joint operation companies (including its to an audit of internal financial controls with reference to
subsidiary company), as were audited by the other auditors, financial statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note
the Holding Company and such companies incorporated require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan
in India which are its subsidiary companies, associate and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
companies, joint venture companies and joint operation whether adequate internal financial controls with reference
companies (including its subsidiary company), have, in all to financial statements were established and maintained and
material respects, adequate internal financial controls with if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
reference to financial statements and such internal financial
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit
controls were operating effectively as at 31 March 2025,
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial
based on the internal financial controls with reference to
controls with reference to financial statements and their
financial statements criteria established by such companies
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial
considering the essential components of such internal
controls with reference to financial statements included
controls stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the
with reference to financial statements, assessing the risk
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “Guidance
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
Note”).
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend
Management’s and Board of Directors’ on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the
Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
The respective company’s Management and the Board of
Directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the
internal financial controls based on the internal financial audit evidence obtained by the other auditors of the relevant
controls with reference to financial statements criteria subsidiary companies, associate companies, joint venture
established by the respective company considering the companies and joint operation companies in terms of their
essential components of internal control stated in the reports referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below,
Guidance Note. These responsibilities include the design, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to
financial statements.
80th Integrated Annual Report
306
2024-25

Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with statements may become inadequate because of changes in
Reference to Financial Statements conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate.
A company’s internal financial controls with reference
to financial statements is a process designed to provide
Other Matters
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial
accounting principles. A company’s internal financial controls with reference to financial statements/financial
controls with reference to financial statements include those information insofar as it relates to two subsidiary companies,
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance one step-down subsidiary company and one joint operation
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly company, which are companies incorporated in India, is
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the based on the corresponding reports of the auditors of such
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions companies incorporated in India.
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
The internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
statements/financial information insofar as it relates to
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
one subsidiary company, three associate companies and
are being made only in accordance with authorisations of
one associate company of a subsidiary company, which
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
are companies incorporated in India and included in these
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
consolidated financial statements, have not been audited
detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of
either by us or by other auditors. In our opinion and according
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
to the information and explanations given to us by the
financial statements.
Management, such unaudited subsidiary company, associate
companies and one associate company of a subsidiary
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial
company are not material to the Holding Company.
Controls with Reference to Financial
Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.
Statements
For B S R & Co. LLP
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial
Chartered Accountants
controls with reference to financial statements, including the
Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
possibility of collusion or improper management override
of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud
may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any Vijay Mathur
evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to Partner
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk Place: Mumbai Membership No.: 046476
that the internal financial controls with reference to financial Date: 13 May 2025 ICAI UDIN:25046476BMOWLZ2780
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
307 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Consolidated Balance Sheet
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
Particulars Notes
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
I. ASSETS
(1) NON-CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Property, plant and equipment 3(B) 72,536 73,125
(b) Capital work-in-progress 3(C) 17,624 10,937
(c) Right of use assets 4 8,476 8,059
(d) Goodwill 5 895 860
(e) Other intangible assets 6(B) 33,790 39,241
(f) Intangible assets under development 6(C) 48,182 24,761
(g) Investment in equity accounted investees 8 5,534 5,340
(h) Financial assets:
(i) Investment 9 2,923 3,378
(ii) Finance receivables 17 - 6,095
(iii) Loans 11 99 442
(iv) Other financial assets 12 12,185 9,085
(i) Deferred tax assets (net) 22 7,176 13,099
(j) Non-current tax assets (net) 2,045 2,130
(k) Other non-current assets 19 6,852 5,720
2,18,317 2,02,272
(2) CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Inventories 13 47,269 47,788
(b) Financial assets:
(i) Investments 10 27,199 14,253
(ii) Trade receivables 14 13,248 16,952
(iii) Cash and cash equivalents 15 34,349 40,015
(iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above 16 6,485 5,792
(v) Finance receivables 17 - 24,070
(vi) Loans 11 72 197
(vii) Other financial assets 12 18,984 8,121
(c) Current tax assets (net) 411 101
(d) Other current assets 20 11,794 10,429
1,59,811 1,67,718
(3) Assets classified as held-for-sale 21 514 674
TOTAL ASSETS 3,78,642 3,70,664
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity share capital 23 736 767
(b) Other equity 24 1,15,408 84,151
Equity attributable to owners of Tata Motors Limited 1,16,144 84,918
Non-controlling interests 6,610 8,176
1,22,754 93,094
LIABILITIES
(1) NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial liabilities:
(i) Borrowings 26 40,217 62,149
(ii) Lease liabilities 7,642 7,670
(iii) Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares - liability portion 2,464 2,548
(iv) Other financial liabilities 28 901 1,673
(b) Provisions 33 20,935 16,537
(c) Deferred tax liabilities (net) 22 1,669 1,143
(d) Other non-current liabilities 31 15,376 12,234
89,204 1,03,954
(2) CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial liabilities:
(i) Borrowings 27 22,282 36,352
(ii) Lease liabilities 1,399 1,093
(iii) Trade payables 30
(a) Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 452 502
(b) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises 93,626 87,540
(c) Acceptances 3,290 5,936
(iv) Other financial liabilities 29 14,318 15,385
(b) Other current liabilities 32 13,340 12,990
(c) Provisions 33 15,831 12,291
(d) Current tax liabilities (net) 2,146 1,527
1,66,684 1,73,616
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 3,78,642 3,70,664
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board
For B S R & Co. LLP N CHANDRASEKARAN [DIN: 00121863] P B BALAJI
Chartered Accountants Chairman Group Chief Financial Officer
Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
VIJAY MATHUR GIRISH WAGH [DIN: 03119361] MALOY KUMAR GUPTA [ACS: 24123]
Partner Executive Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 046476
UDIN: 25046476BMOWLZ2780
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
Date: May 13, 2025 Date: May 13, 2025
80th Integrated Annual Report
308
2024-25

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars Notes
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024*
Revenue from operations 34
(a) Revenue 4,36,821 4,31,212
(b) Other operating revenues 2,874 2,804
I. Total revenue from operations 4,39,695 4,34,016
II. Other income 35 6,244 5,692
III. Total income (I+II) 4,45,939 4,39,708
IV. Expenses:
(a) Cost of materials consumed 2,41,148 2,49,278
(b) Purchase of products for sale 27,802 25,043
(c) Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and products for sale 2,836 (1,566)
(d) Employee benefits expense 36 47,767 41,990
(e) Finance costs 37 5,083 7,594
(f) Compulsorily convertible preference share measured at fair value (gain)/loss (84) 48
(g) Foreign exchange loss/(gain) (net) (922) 15
(h) Depreciation and amortisation expense 23,256 27,239
(i) Product development/engineering expenses 38(ii) 10,716 10,959
(j) Other expenses 39 85,399 77,198
(k) Amount transferred to capital and other account 38(i) (31,105) (26,758)
Total expenses (IV) 4,11,896 4,11,040
V. Profit before share of profit in equity accounted investees, exceptional items and tax (III-IV) 34,043 28,668
VI. Share of profit in equity accounted investees (net) 8 287 700
VII. Profit before exceptional items and tax (V+VI) 34,330 29,368
VIII. Exceptional items [loss](net) 40 550 939
IX. Profit before tax from continuing operations (VII-VIII) 33,780 28,429
X. Tax (credit)/expense (net):
(a) Current tax 5,023 4,937
(b) Deferred tax 5,479 (8,961)
Total tax (credit)/expense (net) 22 10,502 (4,024)
XI. Profit for the year from continuing operations (IX-X) 23,278 32,453
Attributable to:
(a) Shareholders of the Company 22,959 32,045
(b) Non-controlling interests 319 408
XII. Profit/ (loss) before tax for the year from discontinued operation 51 4,975 (474)
XIII Tax expense of discontinued operations 51 104 172
XIV Profit/ (loss) for the year from discontinued operation (XII-XIII) 4,871 (646)
XV Profit for the year (XI+XIV) 28,149 31,807
Attributable to:
(a) Shareholders of the Company 27,830 31,399
(b) Non-controlling interests 319 408
XVI Other comprehensive income :
(A) (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
(a) Remeasurement losses on defined benefit obligations (net) (125) (4,286)
(b) Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (net) 123 427
(ii) I ncome tax (expense)/credit relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit
or loss (22) 1,031
(B) (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:
(a) Exchange differences in translating the financial statements of foreign
operations 3,625 793
(b) Gains in cash flow hedges (including forecast inventory purchases) 3,805 9,482
(c) Losses on finance receivables held at fair value through other comprehensive
income (net) - (90)
(d) Share of other comprehensive income/ (loss) in equity accounted investees
(net) 21 (136)
(ii) Income tax expense relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss (965) (898)
Total other comprehensive income for the year (net of tax) 6,462 6,323
Attributable to:
(a) Shareholders of the Company 6,425 6,365
(b) Non-controlling interests 37 (42)
XVII Total comprehensive income for the year (net of tax) (XV+XVI) 34,611 38,130
Attributable to:
(a) Shareholders of the Company 34,255 37,764
(b) Non-controlling interests 356 366
*Re-presented refer note 51
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
309 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars Notes
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024*
XVIII Earnings per equity share (EPS) [refer note 23 (i)]
Earnings per equity share (EPS) from continuing operations 48
(a) Ordinary shares (face value of ₹2 each):
(i) Basic EPS ₹ 65.01 83.64
(ii) Diluted EPS ₹ 64.97 83.56
(b) ‘A’ Ordinary shares (face value of ₹2 each):
(i) Basic EPS ₹ NA 83.74
(ii) Diluted EPS ₹ NA 83.66
Earnings/ (loss) per equity share (EPS) from discontinued operations [refer note 51] 48
(a) Ordinary shares (face value of ₹2 each):
(i) Basic EPS ₹ 13.79 (1.69)
(ii) Diluted EPS ₹ 13.78 (1.68)
(b) ‘A’ Ordinary shares (face value of ₹2 each):
(i) Basic EPS ₹ NA (1.69)
(ii) Diluted EPS ₹ NA (1.68)
Earnings per equity share (EPS) from continuing and discontinued operations 48
(a) Ordinary shares (face value of ₹2 each):
(i) Basic EPS ₹ 78.80 81.95
(ii) Diluted EPS ₹ 78.75 81.88
(b) ‘A’ Ordinary shares (face value of ₹2 each):
(i) Basic EPS ₹ NA 82.05
(ii) Diluted EPS ₹ NA 81.98
*Re-presented refer note 51
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board
For B S R & Co. LLP N CHANDRASEKARAN [DIN: 00121863] P B BALAJI
Chartered Accountants Chairman Group Chief Financial Officer
Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
VIJAY MATHUR GIRISH WAGH [DIN: 03119361] MALOY KUMAR GUPTA [ACS: 24123]
Partner Executive Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 046476
UDIN: 25046476BMOWLZ2780
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
Date: May 13, 2025 Date: May 13, 2025
80th Integrated Annual Report
310
2024-25

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024*
Cash flows from operating activities:
Profit for the year from continuing operations 23,278 32,453
Profit/ (loss) for the year from discontinued operation 4,871 (646)
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation expense 23,256 27,270
Allowances for finance receivables - 1,153
Allowances for trade and other receivables 109 197
Inventory write-down (net) 337 1,334
Discounting of warranty and other provisions 80 (107)
Fair value adjustments in relation to asset held for sale - 58
Non cash exceptional items 492 977
Gain on Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (4,975) -
Accrual for share-based payments 48 43
Lease charges (Amortisation considered as employee cost) 121 -
Marked-to-market gain on investments and contractual assets measured at fair value through profit
or loss (8) (24)
Loss on sale of assets (including assets scrapped/written off) (net) 232 303
Profit on sale of investments (net) (224) (263)
Share of profit in equity accounted investees (net) (287) (700)
Tax expense/(credit) (net) (including discontinued operation) 10,606 (3,852)
Finance costs 5,083 9,986
Compulsorily convertible preference share measured at fair value (gain)/loss (84) 48
Interest income (2,473) (2,608)
Dividend income (64) (47)
Other non cash item (77) 68
Gain on fair value of below market interest loans (40) -
Unrealised Foreign exchange gain (net) (1,344) (537)
Cash flows from operating activities before changes in following assets and liabilities 58,937 65,106
Finance receivables - (725)
Trade receivables 3,573 (1,151)
Loans and other financial assets (3,289) (3,083)
Other current and non-current assets (3,183) 1,666
Inventories 2,127 (7,265)
Trade payables 1,303 13,706
Other current and non-current liabilities 2,364 4,699
Other financial liabilities (553) 1,845
Provisions 5,814 (2,367)
Cash generated from operations 67,093 72,431
Income tax paid (net) (3,991) (4,516)
Net cash from operating activities 63,102 67,915
Cash flows used in investing activities:
Payments for property, plant and equipments (15,189) (12,975)
Payments for other intangible assets (22,853) (18,439)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipments 974 231
Loan given to a related party - (207)
Settlement of loan given to a related party - 207
Investments in mutual fund sold (net) (12,603) 5,143
Investment in an associate company - (150)
Acquisition of subsidiary (net of cash acquired) (688) -
Disposal of subsidiaries (net of cash disposed) 765 107
Investment in government securities - (5,492)
*Re-presented refer note 51
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
311 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024*
Proceeds from sale of investments in government securities 106 5,400
Investments-others (74) (74)
Proceeds from sale of investments in other companies 5 278
Interest received 2,420 2,493
Dividend received 64 47
Dividend received from equity accounted investees 111 49
Inter corporate deposits given (20) (25)
Deposits/restricted deposits with banks (8,626) (7,326)
Realisation of deposits/restricted deposits with banks 8,014 7,905
Net cash used in investing activities (47,594) (22,828)
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from issue of shares and share application pending allotment (net of issue expenses) 35 82
Expenses paid on cancellation of 'A' Ordinary shares (63) -
Proceeds received on cancellation of 'A' Ordinary shares towards TDS liability [refer note 23 (i)] 1,073 -
Payment towards TDS liability on cancellation of 'A' Ordinary shares [refer note 23 (i)] (1,073) -
Proceeds from sale of shares to non-controlling interest by a subsidiary - 3,812
Proceeds from long-term borrowings 7,386 11,629
Repayment of long-term borrowings (19,600) (31,675)
Proceeds/(payments) from option settlement of long term borrowings 186 (83)
Proceeds from short-term borrowings 846 10,194
Repayment of short-term borrowings (1,843) (15,656)
Net change in other short-term borrowings (with maturity up to three months) 4,966 (2,994)
Repayment of lease liability (including interest) (2,393) (1,924)
Distribution to non controlling interest (189) (290)
Dividend paid (2,303) (769)
Interest paid [including discounting charges paid, ₹552 crores (March 31, 2024 ₹962 crores)] (5,814) (9,332)
Net cash used in financing activities (18,786) (37,006)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (3,278) 8,081
Cash and cash equivalents as at April 1, (opening balance) 40,015 31,887
Cash and cash equivalents reclassified as held-for-sale (232) -
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (2,999) -
Effect of foreign exchange on cash and cash equivalents 843 47
Cash and cash equivalents as at March 31, (closing balance) 34,349 40,015
Non-cash transactions:
Liability towards property, plant and equipment and intangible assets purchased on credit/ deferred 5,241 4,870
credit
*Re-presented refer note 51
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board
For B S R & Co. LLP N CHANDRASEKARAN [DIN: 00121863] P B BALAJI
Chartered Accountants Chairman Group Chief Financial Officer
Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
VIJAY MATHUR GIRISH WAGH [DIN: 03119361] MALOY KUMAR GUPTA [ACS: 24123]
Partner Executive Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 046476
UDIN: 25046476BMOWLZ2780
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
Date: May 13, 2025 Date: May 13, 2025
80th Integrated Annual Report
312
2024-25

INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
313 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
5202
,13
hcraM
dedne
raey
eht
rof
ytiuqE
ni
segnahC
fo
tnemetatS
detadilosnoC
latipaC
erahS
ytiuqE .A
)serorc
ni
₹(
latipaC
erahS
ytiuqE
767
4202
,1
lirpA
ta sa ecnalaB
)201(
])i(
32
eton
refer[
serahs
yranidrO
'A'
fo notiallecnaC
17
])i(
32
eton
refer[
serahs
yranidrO
'A'
fo
notiallecnac
no
serahs
yranidrO
fo eussI
0
seeyolpme
yb
snotipo
kcots
fo
esicrexe
no
serahs fo eussI
637
5202
,13
hcraM
ta sa ecnalaB
ytiuqE
rehtO .B
)serorc
ni
₹(
ytiuqe
fo
stnenopmoc
rehtO
sevreseR
-birttA ot
elbatu
ytiuqE
tbeD
rof
evreseR
erahS
-noc-noN
ycnerruC
-erahS
rehto
latoT
srenwO
fo
tsoC
stnemurtsni
stnemurtsni
denraE
hcraeser
erutnebeD
latipaC
notiacilppa
gnillort
-snart
gnigdeH
deniateR
latipaC
laicepS
desab
setiiruceS
sraluctiraP
ytiuqe
ataT
fo
gnigdeh
rehtO
hguorht
rehtO
hguorht
sulprus
namuh
dna
notipmeder
notipmeder
yenom
stseretni
notial
evreseR
sgninrae
evreseR
evreser
stnemyap
muimerP
srotoM
evreser
-neherpmoC
evisneherpmoC
evreser
-ed
ecruoser
evreser
evreser
gnidnep
evreser
evreser
detimiL
emocnI
evis
emocnI
tnempolev
tnemtolla
823,29
671,8
251,48
240,01
)43(
450,1
059
293
112,55
461,1
64
346
102
721
2
2
98
362,41
4202
,1 lirpA ta sa ecnalab gninepO
941,82
913
038,72
-
-
-
-
-
038,72
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey eht rof tfiorP
denfied
no sessol tnemerusaemeR
)59(
-
)59(
-
-
-
-
-
)59(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)ten( snotiagilbo tfieneb
)ssol(/
emocni evisneherpmoc rehtO
755,6
73
025,6
906,3
77
367,2
17
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey eht rof
)ssol(/emocni
evisneherpmoc latoT
116,43
653
552,43
906,3
77
367,2
17
-
537,72
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey eht rof
942
-
942
-
22
722
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
yrotnevni ni dezingocer stnuomA
notipmeder
erutnebed morf refsnarT
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
721
-
-
-
-
)721(
-
-
-
-
evreser
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
2
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)2(
-
snotipo kcots despal fo refsnarT eht fo srenwo htiw snoticasnarT ynapmoc ataT fo regrem ot eud lasopsiD
latipaC
ataT htiw dtL ecnaniF srotoM
)775,2(
)247,1(
)538(
-
)51(
)61(
)311(
)293(
79
-
-
)693(
-
-
-
-
-
-
)15 eton refer( dtL
yranidrO
'A' fo notiallecnac fo tceffE yranidrO fo ecnaussi dna serahs
13
-
13
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
13
])i( 32 eton refer[ )ten( serahs
84
9
93
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
93
-
stnemyap desab erahS
kcots
fo esicrexe no deviecer yenoM
53
-
53
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
53
-
-
seeyolpme yb snotipo
no
tessa xat derrefed fo notiaziltiU
)551(
-
)551(
-
-
-
-
)551(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
yraidisbus ni tseretni fo elas yb notipo kcots fo esicrexE
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)63(
)33(
96
seeyolpme ytiuqe ot detaler sesnepxE
)35(
-
)35(
-
-
-
-
)35(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
])i( 32 eton refer[ snoticasnart gnillortnoc-non ot notiubirtsiD
)981(
)981(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
tseretni
)013,2(
-
)013,2(
-
-
-
-
-
)013,2(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
])j( 42 eton refer[ diap dnediviD
810,221
016,6
804,511
156,31
05
820,4
809
-
456,08
461,1
64
742
102
-
2
1
39
363,41
5202 ,13 hcraM ta sa ecnalaB
stnemetats
laicnanfi
ot
seton gniynapmocca eeS
draoB
eht
fo
flaheb
no
dna
roF
dehcatta
troper ruo fo smret nI
IJALAB
B
P
]36812100
:NID[
NARAKESARDNAHC
N
PLL .oC & R S B roF
recffiO
laicnaniF
feihC
puorG
namriahC
stnatnuoccA deretrahC
220001-W/W842101
:oN notiartsigeR s’mriF
]32142
:SCA[
ATPUG
RAMUK
YOLAM
]16391130
:NID[
HGAW
HSIRIG
RUHTAM YAJIV
yraterceS
ynapmoC
rotceriD
evtiucexE
rentraP 674640 :.oN pihsrebmeM
0872ZLWOMB67464052
:NIDU
iabmuM
:ecalP
iabmuM :ecalP
5202
,31
yaM
:etaD
5202 ,31 yaM :etaD

80th Integrated Annual Report
314
2024-25
4202
,13
hcraM
dedne
raey
eht
rof
ytiuqE
ni
segnahC
fo
tnemetatS
detadilosnoC
latipaC
erahS ytiuqE .A
)serorc
ni
₹(
latipaC
erahS
ytiuqE
667
3202
,1
lirpA ta sa ecnalaB
1
seeyolpme
yb
snotipo
kcots
fo
esicrexe
no serahs fo eussI
767
4202
,13
hcraM
ta sa ecnalaB ytiuqE rehtO .B
)serorc
ni
₹(
ytiuqe
fo
stnenopmoc
rehtO
sevreseR
-tubirttA ot
elba
ytiuqE
tbeD
rof
evreseR
erahS
-noc-noN
ycnerruC
-erahS
rehto
latoT
srenwO
fo
tsoC
stnemurtsni
stnemurtsni
denraE
hcraeser
erutnebeD
latipaC
notiacilppa
gnillort
-snart
gnigdeH
deniateR
latipaC
laicepS
desab
setiiruceS
sraluctiraP
ytiuqe
ataT
fo
gnigdeh
rehtO
hguorht
rehtO
hguorht
sulprus
namuh
dna
notipmeder
notipmeder
yenom
stseretni
notial
evreseR
sgninrae
evreseR
evreser
stnemyap
muimerP
srotoM
evreser
-neherpmoC
evisneherpmoC
evreser
-ed
ecruoser
evreser
evreser
gnidnep
evreser
evreser
detimiL
emocnI
evis
emocnI
tnempolev
tnemtolla
538,15
872,7
755,44
933,9
)500,1(
)655,6(
175
954
352,52
461,1
64
346
102
112
2
2
36
461,41
3202 ,1 lirpA ta sa ecnalab gninepO
708,13
804
993,13
-
-
-
-
-
993,13
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey eht rof tfiorP no )sessol(/sniag tnemerusaemeR
)212,3(
-
)212,3(
-
-
-
-
-
)212,3(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)ten( snotiagilbo tfieneb denfied )ssol(/ emocni evisneherpmoc rehtO
146,9
)24(
386,9
018
169
006,7
973
)76(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey eht rof )ssol(/emocni evisneherpmoc latoT
632,83
663
078,73
018
169
006,7
973
)76(
781,82
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey eht rof
02
-
02
-
01
01
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
yrotnevni ni desingocer stnuomA notipmeder erutnebed morf refnarT
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
48
-
-
-
-
)48(
-
-
-
-
evreser ytiuqe ot detaler sesnepxE
)32(
-
)32(
-
-
-
-
-
)32(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
snoticasnart eht fo srenwo htiw snoticasnarT ynapmoc
34
-
34
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
34
-
stnemyap desab erahS kcots fo esicrexe no deviecer yenoM
28
-
28
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
28
-
-
seeyolpme yb snotipo yb notipo kcots fo esicrexE
)1(
-
)1(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)28(
)71(
99
seeyolpme no tessa xat derrefed fo notiaziltiU
)906(
-
)906(
-
-
-
-
)906(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
yraidisbus ni tseretni fo elas ynapmoc yraidisbus a ni ekats fo elaS
218,3
928
389,2
)701(
-
-
-
090,3
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
tseretni gnillortnoc-non ot
)7(
)7(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
ynapmoc yraidisbus a fo elaS gnillortnoC-noN ot notiubirtsiD
)092(
)092(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
tseretnI
)177(
-
)177(
-
-
-
-
-
)177(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
diap dnediviD
723,29
671,8
151,48
240,01
)43(
450,1
059
293
112,55
461,1
64
346
102
721
2
2
98
362,41
4202 ,13 hcraM ta sa ecnalaB
090,3
₹
fo
elas
no
niag
ehT
.serorc
218,3
₹
fo
notiaredisnoc
latot
rof
)LTT(
detimiL
seigolonhceT
ataT
ni
serahs
ytiuqe
481,63,46,8
yb
detneserper
)%3.12(
ekats
sti
dlos
yllatirap
sah
ynapmoC
eht
,4202
,13
hcraM
dedne raey eht gniruD :etoN
.LTT
revo
lortnoc
eht
deniater
sah
ynapmoC
eht
sa
sgninrae
deniater
ni detnuocca neeb sah serorc
stnemetats
laicnanfi
ot seton gniynapmocca eeS
draoB
eht
fo
flaheb
no
dna
roF
dehcatta
troper ruo fo smret nI
IJALAB
B
P
]36812100
:NID[
NARAKESARDNAHC
N
PLL .oC & R S B roF
recffiO
laicnaniF
feihC
puorG
namriahC
stnatnuoccA deretrahC
220001-W/W842101
:oN notiartsigeR s’mriF
]32142
:SCA[
ATPUG
RAMUK
YOLAM
]16391130
:NID[
HGAW
HSIRIG
RUHTAM YAJIV
yraterceS
ynapmoC
rotceriD
evtiucexE
rentraP 674640 :.oN pihsrebmeM
0872ZLWOMB67464052
:NIDU
iabmuM
:ecalP
iabmuM :ecalP
5202
,31
yaM
:etaD
5202 ,31 yaM :etaD

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
1 Background and operations the investee, (b) it is exposed, or has rights, to
variable returns from its involvement with the
Tata Motors Limited and its subsidiaries, collectively
investee and (c) has the ability to affect those
referred to as (“the Company” or “Tata Motors”),
returns through its power to direct relevant
designs, manufactures and sells a wide range of
activities of the investee. Relevant activities are
automotive vehicles. The Company also manufactures
those activities that significantly affect an entity’s
engines for industrial applications, aggregates such
returns. The Company reassesses whether or not
as axles and transmissions for commercial vehicles
it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
and factory automation equipment, and provides
indicate that there are changes to one or more
information technology services.
of the three elements listed above. In assessing
Tata Motors Limited is a public limited company control, potential voting rights that currently are
incorporated and domiciled in India and has its exercisable and other contractual arrangements
registered office at Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. As at that may influence control are taken into account.
March 31, 2025, Tata Sons Private Limited, together The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of
with its subsidiaries and joint venture owns 42.51% of during the year are included in the consolidated
the Ordinary shares and has the ability to significantly financial statements from the effective date of
influence the Company’s operation. acquisition and up to the effective date of disposal,
as appropriate.
The Company’s subsidiaries includes the Jaguar Land
Rover business (referred to as JLR or Jaguar Land Rover). Inter-company transactions and balances
including unrealised profits are eliminated in full
The consolidated financial statements were approved by
on consolidation.
the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on May
13, 2025. Non-controlling interests in the net assets
(excluding goodwill) of consolidated subsidiaries
2 Material accounting policies are identified separately from the Company’s
equity. The interest of non-controlling shareholders
(a) Statement of compliance may be initially measured either at fair value or
at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
These financial statements have been prepared
share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable
in accordance with Ind AS as notified under the
net assets. The choice of measurement basis
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,
is made on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis.
2015 read with Section 133 of the Companies Act,
Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount
2013 (“the Act”) as amended from time to time.
of non-controlling interests is the amount of
(b) Basis of preparation those interests at initial recognition plus the non-
controlling interests’ share of subsequent changes
The consolidated financial statements have
in equity. Total comprehensive income is attributed
been prepared on historical cost basis except for
to non-controlling interests even if it results in the
certain financial instruments which are measured
non-controlling interest having a deficit balance.
at fair value at the end of each reporting period
Changes in the Company’s interests in subsidiaries
as explained in the accounting policies below.
that do not result in a loss of control are accounted
These consolidated financial statements are
for as equity transactions. The carrying amount of
presented in Indian Rupees (INR), which is also
the Company’s interests and the non-controlling
the Company’s functional currency. All amounts
interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their
have been rounded to the nearest crores, unless
relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference
otherwise indicated. “0” refers to amount less than
between the amount by which the non-controlling
₹0.50 crore.
interests are adjusted and the fair value of the
consideration paid or received is recognised directly
(c) Basis of consolidation
in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.
Subsidiaries When the Company loses control of a subsidiary,
the profit or loss on disposal is calculated as the
The consolidated financial statements include Tata
difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair
Motors Limited and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries
value of consideration received and the fair value of
are entities controlled by the Company. Control
any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying
exists when the Company (a) has power over
amount of the assets (including goodwill), and
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
315 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
power of the investee. If accounting policies of
liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling
associates differ from those adopted by the Group,
interests. Amounts previously recognised in other
the accounting policies of associates are aligned
comprehensive income in relation to the subsidiary
with those of the Group. The results, assets and
are accounted for (i.e., reclassified to profit or
liabilities of associates are incorporated in these
loss) in the same manner as would be required if
financial statements using the equity method of
the relevant assets or liabilities were disposed of.
accounting as described below.
The fair value of any investment retained in the
former subsidiary at the date when control is lost
Equity method of accounting (equity
is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition
accounted investees)
for subsequent accounting or, when applicable, the
cost on initial recognition of an investment in an An interest in an associate or joint venture is
associate or jointly controlled entity. accounted for using the equity method from
the date the investee becomes an associate or a
Interests in joint arrangements joint venture and are recognised initially at cost.
The carrying value of investment in associates
A joint arrangement is an arrangement of which
and joint ventures includes goodwill identified
two or more parties have joint control. Joint control
on date of acquisition, net of any accumulated
is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an
impairment losses. The consolidated financial
arrangement, which exists only when decisions
statements include the Company’s share of profits
about the relevant activities require the unanimous
or losses, other comprehensive income and equity
consent of the parties sharing control.
movements of equity accounted investments, from
Joint operations the date that significant influence or joint control
commences until the date that significant influence
Certain of the Company’s activities, are conducted
or joint control ceases. When the Company’s
through joint operations, which are joint
share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity
arrangements whereby the parties that have joint
accounted investment, the carrying amount of that
control of the arrangement have rights to the
interest (including any long-term interests in the
assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating
nature of net investments) is reduced to nil and the
to the arrangement. The Company recognises, in
recognition of further losses is discontinued except
the consolidated financial statements, its share
to the extent that the Company has incurred
of the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of
constructive or legal obligations or has made
these joint operations incurred jointly with the
payments on behalf of the investee.
other partners, along with its share of income from
the sale of the output and any assets, liabilities When the Company transacts with an associate or
and expenses that it has incurred in relation to the joint venture of the Company, unrealised profits
joint operation. and losses are eliminated to the extent of the
Company’s interest in its associate or joint venture.
Joint ventures
Dividends are recognised when the right to receive
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the payment is established.
parties that have joint control of the arrangement
have rights to the net assets of the arrangement. (d) Business combination
The results, assets and liabilities of a joint venture
Acquisitions of subsidiaries and businesses are
are incorporated in these financial statements
accounted for using the acquisition method.
using the equity method of accounting as
Acquisition related costs are recognised in the
described below.
consolidated statements of profit or loss as
incurred. The acquiree’s identifiable assets,
Associates
liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the
Associates are those entities over which the conditions for recognition are recognised at their
Company has significant influence. Significant fair value at the acquisition date, except certain
influence is the power to participate in the financial assets and liabilities that are required to be
and operating policy decisions of the investee measured as per the applicable standard.
but is not control or joint control those policies.
Purchase consideration in excess of the Company’s
Significant influence is presumed to exist when the
interest in the acquiree’s net fair value of identifiable
Company holds 20 percent or more of the voting
80th Integrated Annual Report
316
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities is Judgements
recognised as goodwill. Excess of the Company’s
i) Revenue recognition: The Company uses
interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s
judgement to determine when control of its
identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
goods, primarily vehicles and parts, pass to
liabilities over the purchase consideration is
the customer. This is assessed with reference
recognised, after reassessment of fair value of net
to indicators of control, including the risks
assets acquired, in the Capital Reserve.
and rewards of ownership and legal title
with reference to the underlying terms of
(e) Use of estimates and judgements
the customer contract. Refer to note 34 for
The preparation of financial statements in further information.
conformity with Ind AS requires management to
ii) Capitalisation of product engineering
make judgments, estimates and assumptions, that
costs: The Company applies judgement
affect the application of accounting policies and
in determining at what point in a vehicle
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income,
programme’s life cycle the recognition
expenses and disclosures of contingent assets and
criteria under Ind AS 38 are satisfied, and in
liabilities at the date of these financial statements
determining the nature of the cost capitalised.
and the reported amounts of revenues and
Refer to note 6 for further information.
expenses for the years presented. Actual results
may differ from these estimates and judgements.
(f) Going Concern
Estimates These financial statements have been prepared on
a Going Concern basis.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
at each balance sheet date. Revisions to accounting The Company has performed an assessment of its
estimates are recognised in the period in which the financial position as at March 31, 2025 and forecasts
estimate is revised and in future periods affected. of the Company and JLR for a period of atleast
In particular, information about significant areas twelve months from the date of authorisation of
of estimation uncertainty and critical judgments these financial statements (the ‘Going Concern
in applying accounting policies that have the Assessment Period’ and the ‘Foreseeable Future’).
most significant effect on the amounts recognised
The Company and JLR have assessed their projected
in the financial statements are included in the
cash flows over the going concern assessment
following notes:
period. In developing these forecasts, the Company
i) Note 2(f) – Going concern assessment and JLR have modelled a base case. The base case
uses the most recent Board-approved forecasts
ii) Note 3, 6 and 7 - Property, plant and
that include the going concern assessment period
equipment and intangible assets – Useful
and include the forecast impact that the changes
lives and impairment
made to US tariffs will have on JLR.
iii) Note 5 - Impairment of goodwill
For the Company, the base case has been further
iv) Note 17 - Allowances for credit losses for sensitized using more severe but plausible scenarios
finance receivables considering external market commentaries and
other factors impacting the global economy and
v) Note 22 - Recoverability/recognition of
automotive industry.
deferred tax assets
JLR has carried out a reverse stress test against the
vi) Note 33 - Provision for product warranty
base case to determine the decline in wholesale
vii) Note 36 - Assets and obligations relating to volumes over a twelve-month period that would
employee benefits result in a liquidity level that breaches the £1 billion
liquidity financial covenant. The reverse stress test
viii) Estimated discounts / incentives required to
models an appropriate assumption in reductions
be paid to dealers on retail of vehicles
in demand across JLR’s product portfolio as the
primary risk on wholesale volume is now deemed
to be more likely to arise from demand rather
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
317 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
than supply given resolution of previously noted currency of Tata Motors Limited. Transactions in
supply constraints. foreign currencies are recorded at the exchange
rate prevailing on the date of transaction. Foreign
In order to reach a liquidity level that breaches the
currency denominated monetary assets and
covenant, it would require a sustained decline in
liabilities are re-measured into the functional
wholesale volumes of 43% compared to the base
currency at the exchange rate prevailing on the
case over a 12-month period. The reverse stress
balance sheet date. Exchange differences are
test reflects the variable profit impact of the
recognised in the consolidated statement of
wholesale volume decline, and assumes all other
profit and loss except to the extent, exchange
assumptions are held in line with the base case. It
differences on foreign currency borrowings which
does not reflect other potential upside measures
are capitalized when they are regarded as an
that could be taken in such a reduced volume
adjustment to interest costs.
scenario; nor any new funding.
For the purpose of presenting consolidated
JLR does not consider this scenario to be plausible
financial statements, the assets and liabilities of
given that the stress test volumes are significantly
the Company’s foreign operations (having non-
lower than forecast. JLR has a strong order bank
INR functional currency) are translated to Indian
and is confident that it can significantly exceed
rupees at the exchange rate prevailing on the
reverse stress test volumes.
balance sheet date, Income and expenses items are
JLR has also considered the impact of severe but translated at the average rate of exchange for the
plausible downside scenarios, including scenarios respective months. Exchange differences arising
that reflect a decrease in variable profit per on such translation are recognised as currency
unit compared with the base case to include translation reserve under equity. Exchange
additional increases in material and other related differences arising from the translation of a foreign
production costs. Under all scenarios JLR has operation previously recognised in currency
sufficient headroom. translation reserve in equity are not reclassified
from equity to the consolidated statement of profit
Based on the evaluation described above,
and loss until the disposal of the operation.
management believes that the Company and JLR
have sufficient financial resources available to it at
(i) Impairment
the date of approval of these financial statements
and that it will be able to continue as a ‘going i) Goodwill
concern’ in the foreseeable future and for a period
Cash generating units to which goodwill is
upto at least twelve months from the date of
allocated are tested for impairment annually
authorisation of these financial statement.
at each balance sheet date, or more frequently
when there is an indication that the unit may
(g) Cost recognition
be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the
Costs and expenses are recognised when incurred cash generating unit is less than the carrying
and are classified according to their nature. amount of the unit, the impairment loss is
allocated first to reduce the carrying amount
Expenditure are capitalised, where appropriate, in
of any goodwill allocated to that unit and then
accordance with the policy for internally generated
to the other assets of the unit pro rata on the
intangible assets and represents employee costs,
basis of carrying amount of each asset in the
stores and other manufacturing supplies, and other
unit. Goodwill impairment loss recognised is
expenses incurred for construction and product
not reversed in subsequent period.
development undertaken by the Company.
Material and other cost of sales as reported ii) Property, plant and equipment and
in the consolidated statement of profit and other intangible assets
loss is presented net of the impact of realised
At each balance sheet date, the Company
foreign exchange relating to derivatives hedging
assesses whether there is any indication
cost exposures.
that any property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets with finite lives may be
(h) Foreign currency
impaired. If any such impairment exists the
These consolidated financial statements are recoverable amount of an asset is estimated
presented in Indian rupees, which is the functional
80th Integrated Annual Report
318
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
to determine the extent of impairment, if (j) Recent accounting pronouncements
any. Where it is not possible to estimate the
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new
recoverable amount of an individual asset, the
standards or amendments to the existing standards
Company estimates the recoverable amount
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)
of the cash-generating unit to which the
Rules as issued from time to time. During the year
asset belongs.
ended March 31, 2025, MCA has notified Ind AS
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives 117 - Insurance Contracts and amendments to Ind
and intangible assets not yet available for use, As 116 – Leases , relating to sale and lease back
are tested for impairment annually at each transactions, applicable from April 1, 2024. The
balance sheet date, or earlier, if there is an Company has assessed that there is no significant
indication that the asset may be impaired. impact on its financial statements.
On May 9, 2025, MCA notifies the amendments to
iii) Equity accounted investments: Joint
Ind AS 21 - Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange
ventures and associates:
Rates. These amendments aim to provide clearer
At each Balance Sheet date, the Company guidance on assessing currency exchangeability
assesses whether there is any indicator and estimating exchange rates when currencies
that equity accounted investments may be are not readily exchangeable. The amendments are
impaired. If any such impairment indications effective for annual periods beginning on or after
exists the recoverable amount of an April 1, 2025. The Company is currently assessing
investment is determined. the probable impact of these amendments on its
financial statements.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
319 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(k) The following subsidiary companies are considered in the consolidated financial statements:
% of holding either directly or through
Country of subsidiaries
Sr No.Name of the Subsidiary company
incorporation As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Direct Subsidiaries
1 Tata Motors Insurance Broking and Advisory Services Limited India 100.00 100.00
2 Tata Technologies Limited India 53.39 55.39
3 TMF Holdings Limited India 100.00 100.00
4 Tata Motors Body Solutions Limited India 100.00 100.00
5 TML Holdings Pte. Limited Singapore 100.00 100.00
6 Tata Hispano Motors Carrocera S.A. Spain 100.00 100.00
7 Tata Hispano Motors Carrocerries Maghreb SA Morocco 100.00 100.00
8 Tata Precision Industries Pte. Limited Singapore 78.39 78.39
9 Brabo Robotics and Automation Limited India 100.00 100.00
10 Jaguar Land Rover Technology and Business Services India Private Limited India 100.00 100.00
11 TML CV Mobility Solutions Limited India 100.00 100.00
12 Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited India 100.00 100.00
13 Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited India 100.00 100.00
14 TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Limited India 100.00 100.00
15 TML Commercial Vehicles Limited (Incorporated on June 23, 2024) India 100.00 -
16 TML Securities Trust (Incoporated on July 9, 2024) India 100.00 -
Indirect Subsidiaries *
17 Tata Motors Global Services Limited (formerly known as TML Business 100.00 100.00
India
Services Limited)**
18 Tata Motors Design Tech Centre plc (formerly known as Tata Motors 100.00 100.00
UK
European Technical Centre PLC)
19 Trilix S.r.l. Italy 100.00 100.00
20 Tata Daewoo Mobility Company Limited (formerly known as Tata Daewoo South Korea 100.00 100.00
Commercial Vehicle Company Limited)
21 Tata Daewoo Mobility Sales Company Limited (formerly known as Tata 100.00 100.00
South Korea
Daewoo Commercial Vehicle Sales and Distribution Company Limited)
22 Tata Motors (Thailand) Limited Thailand 100.00 97.21
23 PT Tata Motors Indonesia Indonesia 100.00 100.00
24 Tata Technologies (Thailand) Limited Thailand 53.39 55.39
25 Tata Technologies Pte Limited Singapore 53.39 55.39
26 INCAT International Plc. UK 53.39 55.39
27 Tata Technologies Europe Limited UK 53.39 55.39
28 Tata Technologies Nordics AB UK 53.39 55.39
29 Tata Technologies GmbH Germany 53.39 55.39
30 Tata Technologies Inc. USA 53.44 55.44
31 Tata Technologies de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico 53.44 55.44
32 Cambric Limited USA 53.44 55.44
33 Tata Technologies SRL Romania Romania 53.44 55.44
34 Tata Manufacturing Technologies (Shanghai) Limited China 53.39 55.39
35 Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Plc UK 100.00 100.00
36 Jaguar Land Rover Limited UK 100.00 100.00
37 Jaguar Land Rover Austria GmbH Austria 100.00 100.00
38 Jaguar Land Rover Belux NV Belgium 100.00 100.00
39 Jaguar Land Rover Japan Limited Japan 100.00 100.00
40 Jaguar Cars South Africa (Pty) Limited South Africa 100.00 100.00
41 JLR Nominee Company Limited UK 100.00 100.00
42 The Daimler Motor Company Limited UK 100.00 100.00
43 Daimler Transport Vehicles Limited UK 100.00 100.00
44 S.S. Cars Limited UK 100.00 100.00
45 The Lanchester Motor Company Limited UK 100.00 100.00
46 Jaguar Land Rover Deutschland GmbH Germany 100.00 100.00
80th Integrated Annual Report
320
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
% of holding either directly or through
Country of subsidiaries
Sr No.Name of the Subsidiary company
incorporation As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
47 Jaguar Land Rover Classic Deutschland GmbH Germany 100.00 100.00
48 Jaguar Land Rover Holdings Limited UK 100.00 100.00
49 Jaguar Land Rover North America LLC USA 100.00 100.00
50 Land Rover Ireland Limited Ireland 100.00 100.00
51 Jaguar Land Rover Nederland BV Netherlands 100.00 100.00
52 Jaguar Land Rover Portugal - Veiculos e Pecas, Lda. Portugal 100.00 100.00
53 Jaguar Land Rover Australia Pty Limited Australia 100.00 100.00
54 Jaguar Land Rover Italia Spa Italy 100.00 100.00
55 Jaguar Land Rover Espana SL Spain 100.00 100.00
56 Jaguar Land Rover Korea Company Limited South Korea 100.00 100.00
57 Jaguar Land Rover (China) Investment Co. Limited China 100.00 100.00
58 Jaguar Land Rover Canada ULC Canada 100.00 100.00
59 Jaguar Land Rover France, SAS France 100.00 100.00
60 Jaguar Land Rover (South Africa) (pty) Limited South Africa 100.00 100.00
61 Jaguar e Land Rover Brasil industria e Comercio de Veiculos LTDA Brazil 100.00 100.00
62 Limited Liability Company “Jaguar Land Rover” (Russia) (ceased to be - 100.00
Russia
subsidiary w.e.f. October 31, 2024)
63 Jaguar Land Rover (South Africa) Holdings Limited UK 100.00 100.00
64 Jaguar Land Rover India Limited India 100.00 100.00
65 Jaguar Cars Limited UK 100.00 100.00
66 Land Rover Exports Limited UK 100.00 100.00
67 Jaguar Land Rover Pension Trustees Limited UK 100.00 100.00
68 Jaguar Racing Limited UK 100.00 100.00
69 InMotion Ventures Limited UK 100.00 100.00
70 In-Car Ventures Limited UK 100.00 100.00
71 InMotion Ventures 2 Limited UK 100.00 100.00
72 InMotion Ventures 3 Limited UK 100.00 100.00
73 Shanghai Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Services Company Limited China 100.00 100.00
74 Jaguar Land Rover Slovakia s.r.o Slovakia 100.00 100.00
75 Jaguar Land Rover Singapore Pte. Ltd Singapore 100.00 100.00
76 Jaguar Land Rover Columbia S.A.S (ceased to be subsidiary w.e.f February - 100.00
Columbia
27, 2025)
77 PT Tata Motors Distribusi Indonesia Indonesia 100.00 100.00
78 Tata Motors Finance Limited (ceased to be subsidiary) [refer note 51] India - 100.00
79 TMF Business Services Limited India 100.00 100.00
80 Jaguar Land Rover Ireland (Services) Limited Ireland 100.00 100.00
81 Jaguar Land Rover Taiwan Company Limited Taiwan 100.00 100.00
82 Jaguar Land Rover Servicios Mexico,S.A. de C.V. Mexico 100.00 100.00
83 Jaguar Land Rover Mexico,S.A.P.I. de C.V. Mexico 100.00 100.00
84 Jaguar Land Rover Hungary KFT Hungary 100.00 100.00
85 Jaguar Land Rover Classic USA LLC USA 100.00 100.00
86 Jaguar Land Rover Ventures Limited (ceased to be subsidiary w.e.f March - 100.00
UK
28, 2025)
87 Bowler Motors Limited UK 100.00 100.00
88 Jaguar Land Rover (Ningbo) Trading Co. Limited China 100.00 100.00
89 TML Smart City Mobility Solutions (J&K) Private Limited India 100.00 100.00
90 Tata Technologies Limited Employees Stock Option Trust India 53.39 55.39
91 INCAT international Limited ESOP 2000 India 53.39 55.39
92 JLR Insurance Company Limited (Incorporated on October 9, 2024) Guernsey 100.00 -
93 Tata Motors Digital.AI Labs Limited (Incorporated on March 17, 2025) India 100.00 -
* Effective holding % of the Company directly and through its subsidiaries.
** Moved from direct to indirect subsidiary during the year ended March 31, 2025
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
321 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

NNootteess ffoorrmmiinngg ppaarrtt ooff CCoonnssoolliiddaatteedd FFiinnaanncciiaall SSttaatteemmeennttss
The following Jointly controlled companies are considered in the consolidated financial statements:
% of holding either directly or through
Country of subsidiaries
Sr No.Name of the jointly controlled company
incorporation As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Joint Operations
1 Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited India 50.00 50.00
2 Tata Cummins Private Limited# India 50.00 50.00
Joint Ventures
3 Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Company Limited China 50.00 50.00
4 Jaguar Land Rover Schweiz AG Switzerland 30.00 30.00
5 Inchcape JLR Europe Limited UK 30.00 30.00
6 Bilia JLR Import AB Sweden 30.00 30.00
#Includes 100% Indian subsidiary namely TCPL Green Energy Solutions Private Limited.
The following associates companies are considered in the consolidated financial statements:
% of holding either directly or through
Country of subsidiaries
Sr No.Name of the associate company
incorporation As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
1 Automobile Corporation of Goa Limited (refer note 8) India 48.98 49.77
2 Nita Company Limited Bangladesh 40.00 40.00
3 Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery Company Private Limited (refer note 8) India 39.74 39.99
4 Tata Precision Industries (India) Limited India 39.19 39.19
5 Tata AutoComp Systems Limited India 26.00 26.00
6 Jaguar Cars Finance Limited UK 49.90 49.90
7 ARC V Limited UK - 15.00
8 Synaptiv Limited UK 33.33 33.33
9 Freight Commerce Solutions Private Limited India 26.79 26.79
10 BMW TechWorks India Private Limited (Incorporated on July 31, 2024) India 50.00 -
3 Property, plant and equipment
(A) Accounting policy
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost of acquisition or construction less accumulated depreciation and
accumulated impairment, if any.
Freehold land is measured at cost and is not depreciated.
Heritage assets, comprising antique vehicles purchased by the Company, are not depreciated as they are considered
to have a residual value in excess of cost. Residual values are re-assessed on an annual basis.
Cost includes purchase price, non-recoverable taxes and duties, labour cost and direct overheads for self-constructed
assets and other direct costs incurred up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use.
Subsequent expenditure relating to property, plant and equipment is capitalised only when it is probable that future
economic benefits associated with these will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.
Repairs and maintenance costs are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss when incurred.
Interest cost incurred is capitalized up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use for qualifying assets, based
on borrowings incurred specifically for financing the asset or the weighted average rate of all other borrowings, if no
specific borrowings have been incurred for the asset.
Depreciation is provided on the Straight-Line Method (SLM) over the estimated useful lives of the assets considering
the nature, estimated usage, operating conditions, past history of replacement, anticipated technological changes,
manufacturer’s warranties and maintenance support. Taking into account these factors, the Company and its domestic
group companies have decided to retain the useful life hitherto adopted for various categories of property, plant and
equipment, which are different from those prescribed in Schedule II of the Act.
80th Integrated Annual Report
322
2024-25

NNootteess ffoorrmmiinngg ppaarrtt ooff CCoonnssoolliiddaatteedd FFiinnaanncciiaall SSttaatteemmeennttss
Estimated useful lives of assets are as follows:
Estimated useful
Type of Asset
life (years)
Buildings, Roads, Bridge and culverts 4 to 60 years
Plant, machinery and equipment 3 to 30 years
Computers and other IT assets 3 to 6 years
Vehicles 3 to 12 years
Furnitures, fixtures and office equipments 3 to 21 years
The useful lives and method of deprecation is reviewed at least at each year-end. Changes in expected useful lives are
treated as change in accounting estimates.
Depreciation is not recorded on capital work-in-progress until construction and installation are complete and the
asset is ready for its intended use.
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized on disposal. Any gain or loss arising from derecognition of
an item of property, plant and equipment is included in consolidated statement of profit and loss.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
323 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

NNootteess ffoorrmmiinngg ppaarrtt ooff CCoonnssoolliiddaatteedd FFiinnaanncciiaall SSttaatteemmeennttss
80th Integrated Annual Report
324
2024-25
tnempiuqe
dna
tnalp ,ytreporP )B(
)serorc
ni
₹(
esael
no
neviG
stessa
denwO
latoT
dna
tnalP
egatireH
erutinruF
dna
tnalP
selciheV
sgnidliuB
dnaL
sretupmoC
selciheV
sgnidliuB
dnaL
tnempiuqe
stessA
serutxfi
dna
tnempiuqe
299,491
661
6
901
76
362
624,3
653
658,1
172,051
238,03
046,7
4202 ,1 lirpA ta sa tsoC
687,8
16
-
-
-
5
471
74
18
640,6
883,2
)61(
snotiiddA
22
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
22
-
-
*snotiacfiissalceR
yraidisbus
fo tnuocca no snotiiddA
703
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
992
8
-
notiisiuqca
yraidisbus
fo elas tnuocca no lasopsiD
)643(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)813(
)82(
-
])c( 25 eton refer[
)19(
-
-
-
-
-
)2(
-
)6(
-
)9(
)47(
elas rof dleh sa defiissalc stessA
)706,8(
)701(
-
-
3
-
)811(
)91(
)56(
)179,7(
)881(
)241(
#stnemtsujdA/lasopsiD
srotoM
ataT fo regrem ot eud lasopsiD
refer(
dtL latipaC ataT htiw dtL ecnaniF
)001(
-
-
-
-
-
)62(
)22(
)64(
-
)6(
-
)15 eton
541,7
-
-
-
-
5
011
9
07
595,5
452,1
201
secnereffid notialsnart ycnerruC
801,202
021
6
901
07
372
465,3
173
098,1
449,351
152,43
015,7
5202 ,13 hcraM ta sa tsoC
lirpA
ta sa notiaicerped detalumuccA
668,121
74
5
8
-
271
803,2
052
923,1
746,601
820,11
27
4202 ,1
302,11
63
-
4
-
-
082
42
001
722,9
235,1
-
raey eht rof notiaicerpeD
)6(
-
-
-
-
-
)1(
-
)2(
-
)3(
-
elas rof dleh sa defiissalc stessA
)451,8(
)97(
-
-
-
-
)211(
)61(
)76(
)486,7(
)421(
)27(
stnemtsujdA/lasopsiD
srotoM
ataT fo regrem ot eud lasopsiD
refer(
dtL latipaC ataT htiw dtL ecnaniF
)95(
-
-
-
-
-
)41(
)5(
)73(
-
)3(
-
)15 eton
yraidisbus
fo elas tnuocca no lasopsiD
)94(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)64(
)3(
-
])c( 25 eton refer[
177,4
-
-
1
-
2
08
21
15
771,4
844
-
secnereffid notialsnart ycnerruC
ta
sa notiaicerped detalumuccA
275,921
4
5
31
-
471
145,2
562
473,1
123,211
578,21
-
5202 ,13 hcraM
,13
hcraM ta sa tnuoma gniyrrac teN
635,27
611
1
69
07
99
320,1
601
615
326,14
673,12
015,7
5202
876,591
921
6
601
76
542
903,3
273
909,1
702,251
175,92
757,7
3202 ,1 lirpA ta sa tsoC
638,8
27
-
3
-
01
872
05
36
222,7
831,1
-
snotiiddA
)467(
-
-
-
-
-
)62(
-
)2(
)341(
)664(
)721(
elas rof dleh sa defiissalc stessA
)82(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)82(
stessA fo tnemriapmI
)621,31(
)53(
-
-
-
-
)991(
)96(
)651(
)055,21(
)58(
)23(
**stnemtsujdA/lasopsiD
)11(
-
-
-
-
-
)1(
-
-
)01(
-
-
yraidisbus fo elas no lasopsiD
704,4
-
-
-
-
8
56
3
24
545,3
476
07
secnereffid notialsnart ycnerruC
299,491
661
6
901
76
362
624,3
653
658,1
172,051
238,03
046,7
4202 ,13 hcraM ta sa tsoC ta sa notiaicerped detalumuccA
630,911
54
4
3
-
761
512,2
972
143,1
024,501
265,9
-
3202 ,1 lirpA
840,31
62
1
4
-
-
582
72
111
621,11
864,1
-
raey eht rof notiaicerpeD
deuntinuocsid
rof notiaicerpeD
21
-
-
1
-
-
6
3
1
1
-
-
)15 eton refer( snotiarepo
)913(
-
-
-
-
-
)62(
-
)2(
)931(
)251(
-
elas rof dleh sa defiissalc stessA
18
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
9
27
stessA fo tnemriapmI
)838,21(
)42(
-
-
-
-
)412(
)26(
)451(
)503,21(
)97(
-
stnemtsujdA/lasopsiD
)5(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)6(
-
-
yraidisbus fo elas no lasopsiD
258,2
-
-
-
-
5
24
3
23
055,2
022
-
secnereffid notialsnart ycnerruC ta sa notiaicerped detalumuccA
668,121
74
5
8
-
271
803,2
052
923,1
746,601
820,11
27
4202 ,13 hcraM
,13
hcraM ta sa tnuoma gniyrrac teN
521,37
911
1
101
76
19
811,1
601
725
426,34
408,91
865,7
4202
ynapmoC
eht
hcihw
rof
snotipo
esahcrup
htiw
sesael
ot
detaler
defiissalcer
stessa
ehT
.sesael
evticepser
eht
fo
notiassec
eht
ta
tnempiuqe
dna
tnalp
,ytreporp
ot
stessa
esu
fo
thgir
morf
defiissalcer
eulav koob ten sedulcnI*
.sevil
cimonoce
detcepxe
rieht
revo
stessa eht gniztiroma neeb dah
.tnalp
dnanaS
rof
muimerp
refsnart
dnal
fo
lasrever
sdrawot
stnemtsujda
sedulcnI
**
.notiisnart
SA
dnI
no
enod
eulav riaf fo lasrever sedulcnI
#

NNootteess ffoorrmmiinngg ppaarrtt ooff CCoonnssoolliiddaatteedd FFiinnaanncciiaall SSttaatteemmeennttss
(C) Capital Work-in-Progress
(₹ in crores)
For the year ended, For the year ended,
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 10,937 5,220
Additions 14,729 14,124
Transferred to cost of Property, plant and equipment (8,639) (8,582)
Reversal for impairment/(write off) - (1)
Additions on account of subsidiary acquisition 55 -
Disposal on account sale of subsidiary [refer note 52 (c)] (98) -
Currency translation impact 640 176
Balance at the end 17,624 10,937
(D) Ageing of Capital work-in-progress
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Projects in progress 10,441 6,325 797 52 17,615
Projects temporarily suspended - - - 9 9
As at March 31, 2025 10,441 6,325 797 61 17,624
As at March 31, 2024
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Projects in progress 8,728 1,381 188 640 10,937
Projects temporarily suspended - - - - -
As at March 31, 2024 8,728 1,381 188 640 10,937
(E) Expected Completion schedule of Capital work-in-progress where cost or time overrun has
exceeded original plan
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
To be completed
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Project in Progress
Project 1 - - - - -
Project 2 - - - - -
Various Projects* 622 - - - 622
622 - - - 622
As at March 31, 2024
To be completed
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Project in Progress
Project 1 - - - - -
Project 2 - - - - -
Various Projects* 1,501 216 - 678 2,395
1,501 216 - 678 2,395
*Individual projects less than 10% of total Capital work-in-progress have been clubbed together in various projects.
Original plan is considered as that plan which is approved and on the basis of which implementation progress is evaluated.
Such original plan includes management’s estimates and assumptions w.r.t future business, economy / industry and
regulatory environments.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
325 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
4 Right of use assets
(A) Accounting policy
Lessee:
At inception of a contract, the Company assesses whether a contract is, or contain a lease. A contract is,or contains,
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Company
assesses whether:
• The contract involves the use of an identified asset – this may be specified explicitly or implicitly, and should be
physically distinct or represent substantially all of the capacity of a physically distinct asset. If the supplier has a
substantive substation right, then the asset is not identified;
• The Company has the right to substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of the asset throughout the
period of use; and
• The Company has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Company has this right when it has the decision
making rights that are most relevant to changing how and for what purposes the asset is used.
• In rare cases where the decision about how and for what purpose the asset is used is predetermined, the Company
has the right to direct the use of the asset if either:
• The Company has the right to operate the asset; or
• The Company designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purposes it will be used.
As a practical expedient, Ind AS 116 permits a lessee not to separate non-lease components, and instead account for
any lease and associated non-lease components as a single arrangement. The Company has not used this practical
expedient. At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component, the Company allocates the
consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.
The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use
asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises of the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease
payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and estimated dilapidation
costs, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently amortised using the straight-line
method over the shorter of the useful life of the leased asset or the period of lease. If ownership of the leased asset
is automatically transferred at the end of the lease term or the exercise of a purchase option is reflected in the lease
payments, the right-of-use asset is amortised on a straightline basis over the expected useful life of the leased asset.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at commencement
date, discounted using, the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the
Company’s incremental borrowing rate. The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
method. It is re measured when there is a change in future lease payments. The Company has elected not to recognise
right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of
low value assets (lease of assets worth less than ₹ 0.03 crores). The Company associates the lease payments associated
with these leases as an expense on a straight line basis over the lease term.
Lease payments include fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments, amounts expected to be payable
under a residual value guarantee, the exercise price of a purchase option if the Company is reasonably certain to
exercise that option and payment of penalties for terminating the lease if the lease term considered reflects that
the Company shall exercise termination option. The Company also recognises a right of use asset which comprises
of amount of initial measurement of the lease liability, any initial direct cost incurred by the Company and estimated
dilapidation costs.
80th Integrated Annual Report
326
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Lessor:
At the inception of a lease, the lease arrangement is classified as either a finance lease or an operating lease, based
on contractual terms and substance of the lease arrangement. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially
all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are
classified as operating leases.
Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at the amount of the Company’s net
investment in the leases. Finance income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of
return on the Company’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
Rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Initial
direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased
asset and recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
(B) The Company leases a number of buildings, plant and equipment, IT hardware and software assets, certain of which
have a renewal and/or purchase option in the normal course of the business. Extension and termination options
are included in a number of leases across the Company. The majority of extension and termination options held are
exercisable only by the Company and not by the respective lessor. The Company assesses at lease commencement
whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension or termination option. The Company re-assesses whether it
is reasonably certain to exercise options if there is a significant event or significant change in circumstances within its
control. It is recognised that there is potential for lease term assumptions to change in the future and this will continue
to be monitored by the Company where relevant. The Company’s leases mature between 2026 and 2051.
When measuring lease liability, the Company discounted lease payments using its incremental borrowing rate. The
weighted-average rate applied is 5.32% (2024: 5.89%).
The following amounts are included in the Balance Sheet :
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current lease liabilities 1,399 1,093
Non-current lease liabilities 7,642 7,670
Total lease liabilities 9,041 8,763
The following amounts are recognised in the statement of profit and loss :
(₹ in crores)
For the year ended, For the year ended,
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Variable lease payment not included in the measurement of lease liabilities 5 5
Income from sub-leasing of right-of-use assets 15 23
Expenses related to short-term leases 216 172
Expenses related to low-value assets, excluding short-term leases of low-value assets 156 151
*For repayment of lease liabilities during the year refer note 27 (G).
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
327 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
80th Integrated Annual Report
328
2024-25
)serorc
ni
₹(
,serutinruF
,tnalP
&
sretupmoC
serutxfi
latoT
stessA
rehtO
selciheV
dna
yrenihcam
sgnidliuB
dnaL
stessa
TI
rehto
ecffio
dna
stnempiuqe
stnempiuqe
686,21
62
142
006
371
606,1
157,9
982
4202
,1 lirpA
ta
sa
tsoC
438,1
1
58
292
2
905
386
262
snotiiddA
862
2
-
-
-
9
752
-
notiisiuqca
yraidisbus
fo tnuocca
no
snotiiddA
)862(
)2(
-
-
-
)9(
)752(
-
])c(
25
eton
refer[
yraidisbus
fo elas tnuocca
no lasopsiD
)66(
-
-
-
-
)66(
-
-
*snotiacfiissalceR
)959(
)1(
)42(
)021(
)301(
)99(
)673(
)632(
lasopsiD
ataT
htiw
dtL
ecnaniF
srotoM
ataT
fo regrem
ot
eud
lasopsiD
)001(
-
-
-
-
-
)001(
-
)15 eton
refer(
dtL
latipaC
335
1
31
8
8
54
354
5
secnereffid
notialsnart
ycnerruC
829,31
72
513
087
08
599,1
114,01
023
5202 ,13
hcraM
ta
sa
tsoC
726,4
31
501
422
98
196
013,3
591
4202
,1
lirpA
ta
sa
notiastiroma
detalumuccA
324,1
8
48
26
11
072
569
32
raey eht
rof
notiastiromA
121
-
-
121
-
-
-
-
tsoc
eeyolpme
sa
deredisnoc
-
notiastiromA
)44(
-
-
-
-
)44(
-
-
*snotiacfiissalceR
)987(
)1(
)42(
)87(
)17(
)29(
)203(
)122(
lasopsiD
)64(
-
-
-
-
)3(
)34(
-
])c(
25
eton
refer[
yraidisbus
fo elas tnuocca
no lasopsiD
ataT
htiw
dtL
ecnaniF
srotoM
ataT
fo regrem
ot
eud
lasopsiD
)03(
-
-
-
-
-
)03(
-
)15 eton
refer(
dtL
latipaC
091
1
6
5
3
9
161
5
secnereffid
notialsnart
ycnerruC
254,5
12
171
433
23
138
160,4
2
5202
,13
hcraM
ta
sa
notiastiroma
detalumuccA
674,8
6
441
644
84
461,1
053,6
813
5202
,13
hcraM
ta sa tnuoma
gniyrrac
teN
966,11
33
091
614
571
464,1
301,9
882
3202
,1 lirpA
ta
sa
tsoC
794,1
41
201
922
1
894
256
1
snotiiddA
)767(
)22(
)75(
)54(
-
)183(
)652(
)6(
lasopsiD/stnemtsujdA
)4(
-
-
-
-
-
)4(
-
yraidisbus
fo
elas
no lasopsiD
192
1
6
-
)3(
52
652
6
secnereffid
notialsnart
ycnerruC
686,21
62
142
006
371
606,1
157,9
982
4202 ,13
hcraM
ta
sa
tsoC
768,3
72
301
311
57
338
165,2
551
3202
,1
lirpA
ta
sa
notiastiroma
detalumuccA
962,1
7
55
64
61
312
798
53
raey eht
rof
notiastiromA
71
-
-
-
-
-
71
-
)15
eton
refer(
snotiarepo
deuntinuocsid
rof
notiastiromA
09
-
-
09
-
-
-
-
tsoc
eeyolpme
sa deredisnoc-notiastiromA
)207(
)22(
)65(
)52(
-
)173(
)822(
-
lasopsiD/stnemtsujdA
)4(
-
-
-
-
-
)4(
-
yraidisbus
fo
elas
no lasopsiD
09
1
3
-
)2(
61
76
5
secnereffid
notialsnart
ycnerruC
726,4
31
501
422
98
196
013,3
591
4202
,13
hcraM
ta
sa
notiastiroma
detalumuccA
950,8
31
631
673
48
519
144,6
49
4202
,13
hcraM
ta sa tnuoma
gniyrrac
teN
notiassec
eht
ta
tnempiuqe
dna
tnalp
,ytreporp
ot
stessa
esu
fo
thgir
morf
defiissalcer
erew
5202
,13
hcraM
ta
sa
serorc
22
₹
fo
eulav
koob
ten
a htiw
stnuomA
*
detcepxe
rieht
revo
stessa
eht
gniztiroma
neeb
dah
ynapmoC
eht
hcihw
rof
snotipo
esahcrup
htiw
sesael
ot
detaler
defiissalcer
stessa
ehT
.sesael
evticepser
eht
fo
.sevil
cimonoce

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(C) There are certain vehicles which are being given to the customers along with operations and maintenance of the
same. These are accounted as finance lease as the material risks and rewards are transferred to the lessee.
The average effective interest rate contracted approximates 3.67% to 9.32% (2024: 3.67% to 9.32% ) per annum.
The following amounts are included in the Balance Sheet :
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current lease receivables 210 112
Non-current lease receivables 3,406 2,107
Total lease receivables 3,616 2,219
The following amounts are recognised in the statement of profit and loss :
(₹ in crores)
For the year ended, For the year ended,
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Sales Revenue for finance leases 880 1,621
Finance income on the net investment in finance leases 61 119
The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of finance lease receivables :
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
Total
Due in 3rd to 5th Due beyond 5th
Due in 1st Year Due in 2nd Year contractual cash
Year Year
flows
Undiscounted lease receivables 534 544 1,638 3,277 5,993
Less: Unearned finance income 324 307 806 940 2,377
Net investment in leases 210 237 832 2,337 3,616
As at March 31, 2024
Total
Due in 3rd to 5th Due beyond 5th
Due in 1st Year Due in 2nd Year contractual cash
Year Year
flows
Undiscounted lease receivables 307 313 937 2,149 3,706
Less: Unearned finance income 195 185 485 622 1,487
Net investment in leases 112 128 452 1,527 2,219
5 Goodwill
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 860 840
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (1) -
Acquisition of subsidiary 422 -
Disposal of subsidiary [refer note 52 (c)] (443) -
Currency translation differences 57 20
Balance at the end 895 860
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
329 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
The carrying amount of goodwill has been allocated to CGU as follows:
Passenger vehicles - automotive and related activity segment (Tata and other brand vehicles) 99 99
Others - software consultancy and service 796 761
Total 895 860
The recoverable amount has been determined based on value in use. Value in use has been determined based on future
cash flows, after considering current economic conditions and trends, estimated future operating results, growth rates and
anticipated future economic conditions.
As at March 31, 2025, the estimated cash flows for a period of five years were developed using internal forecasts, and a
pre-tax discount rate of 12.20% (2024: 16.22%). The cash flows beyond five years have been extrapolated assuming 5%
long-term growth rates. The management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions would not
cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit.
6 Other Intangible assets
(A) Accounting policy
Intangible assets purchased, including those acquired in business combinations, are measured at cost which is the fair
value as of the date of acquisition where applicable less accumulated amortization and impairment, if any. Intangible
assets with indefinite lives are reviewed annually to determine whether an indefinite-life assessment continues to be
supportable. If not, the change in the useful-life assessment from indefinite to finite is made on a prospective basis.
For intangible assets with finite lives, amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives
of the acquired intangible assets as per the estimated amortisation period below
Estimated
Type of Asset
amortisation period
Patents and technological know-how 2 to 12 years
Software 1 to 8 years
Customer related intangibles - Dealer network 20 years
Intellectual property rights 3 to 10 years
Product development costs 2 to 10 years
The amortisation period for intangible assets with finite useful lives is reviewed at least at each year-end. Changes in
expected useful lives are treated as changes in accounting estimates.
Internally generated intangible asset
Research costs are charged to the consolidated statement of profit and loss in the year in which they are incurred.
Product development costs incurred on new vehicle platform, engines, transmission and new products are recognised
as intangible assets, when feasibility has been established, the Company has committed technical, financial and other
resources to complete the development and it is probable that asset will generate probable future economic benefits.
The costs capitalised include the cost of materials, direct labour and directly attributable overhead expenditure
incurred up to the date the asset is available for use. Interest cost incurred is capitalised up to the date the asset is
ready for its intended use, based on borrowings incurred specifically for financing the asset or the weighted average
rate of all other borrowings if no specific borrowings have been incurred for the asset.
Product development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment, if any.
80th Integrated Annual Report
330
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(B) Other intangible assets
(₹ in crores)
Intellectual
Indefinite
Patents and property
Customer life trade Product
Software technological rights Total
related marks and development
know how and other
patents
intangibles
Cost as at April 1, 2024 9,400 1,966 687 385 6,432 107,071 125,941
Additions 903 93 - - - 2,581 3,577
Additions on account of subsidiary
acquisition 1 - - 545 - - 546
Disposal on account sale of subsidiary
[refer note 52 (c)] (4) - - (545) - - (549)
Asset fully amortised not in use (97) (1,344) - (235) - (29,206) (30,882)
Disposals/Adjustments (816) - - - - - (816)
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors
Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer
note 51) (37) - - - - - (37)
Currency translation differences 435 39 37 11 351 4,416 5,289
Cost as at March 31, 2025 9,785 754 724 161 6,783 84,862 103,069
Accumulated amortisation as at April
1, 2024 7,001 1,754 608 319 1,571 75,447 86,700
Amortisation for the year 783 64 21 17 - 9,745 10,630
Asset fully amortised not in use (97) (1,344) - (235) - (29,206) (30,882)
Disposals/Adjustments (790) - - - - - (790)
Disposal on account sale of subsidiary
[refer note 52 (c)] - - - (4) - - (4)
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors
Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer
note 51) (29) - - - - - (29)
Currency translation differences 322 42 33 9 85 3,163 3,654
Accumulated amortisation as at
March 31, 2025 7,190 516 662 106 1,656 59,149 69,279
Net carrying amount as at March 31,
2025 2,595 238 62 55 5,127 25,713 33,790
Cost as at April 1, 2023 10,589 1,865 667 375 6,223 103,234 122,953
Additions 1,040 51 - - - 3,081 4,172
Asset fully amortised not in use (10) - - - - (2,319) (2,329)
Disposals/Adjustments (2,515) - - - - (11) (2,526)
Currency translation differences 296 50 20 10 209 3,086 3,671
Cost as at March 31, 2024 9,400 1,966 687 385 6,432 107,071 125,941
Accumulated amortisation as at April
1, 2023 8,419 1,623 517 293 1,517 63,788 76,157
Amortisation for the year 788 83 74 16 - 11,961 12,922
Amortisation for discountinued
operations (refer note 51) 2 - - - - - 2
Asset fully amortised not in use (10) - - - - (2,319) (2,329)
Disposals/Adjustments (2,429) - - - - - (2,429)
Currency translation differences 231 48 17 10 54 2,017 2,377
Accumulated amortisation as at
March 31, 2024 7,001 1,754 608 319 1,571 75,447 86,700
Net carrying amount as at March 31,
2024 2,399 212 79 66 4,861 31,624 39,241
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
331 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(C) Intangible assets under development
(₹ in crores)
Year ended, Year ended,
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 24,761 9,055
Additions* 24,477 19,125
Transferred to cost of other intangible assets (2,832) (3,848)
Reversal for impairment/(write off) - (21)
Currency translation impact 1,776 450
Balance at the end 48,182 24,761
* The additions during the year include allocation of central overheads amounting to ₹ 3,975 crores (2024: ₹ 1,565 crores).
(D) T he useful life of trademarks and brands in respect of the acquired Jaguar Land Rover businesses have been determined
to be indefinite as the Company expects to generate future economic benefits indefinitely from these assets.
(E) Ageing of intangible assets under development
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Projects in progress 23,936 17,192 6,832 222 48,182
Projects temporarily suspended - - - - -
As at March 31, 2025 23,936 17,192 6,832 222 48,182
As at March 31, 2024
More than
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
3 years
Projects in progress 17,548 6,924 254 35 24,761
Projects temporarily suspended - - - - -
As at March 31, 2024 17,548 6,924 254 35 24,761
(F) Expected Completion schedule of intangible assets under development where cost or time
overrun has exceeded original plan
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
To be completed
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Projects in progress
Project 1 - - - - -
Various Projects* 1,068 154 25 - 1,247
Projects temporarily suspended - - - - -
Various Projects* - - - - -
1,068 154 25 - 1,247
80th Integrated Annual Report
332
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
As at March 31, 2024
To be completed
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Projects in progress
Project 1 - 5,631 - - 5,631
Various Projects* 1,007 6 - - 1,013
Projects temporarily suspended
Various Projects* - - - - -
1,007 5,637 - - 6,644
*Individual projects less than 10% of total Intangible assets under development have been clubbed together in
various projects.
Original plan is considered as that plan which is approved and on the basis of which implementation progress is
evaluated. Such original plan includes management’s estimates and assumptions w.r.t future business, economy /
industry and regulatory environments.
7 Impairment assessment of Jaguar Land Rover Business
The operations of subsidiary Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), excluding equity accounted investments, represents a single cash-
generating unit (CGU). This is because of the closely connected nature of the cash flows and the degree of integrated
development and manufacturing activities.
In accordance with accounting standard, management have performed an annual impairment assessment as at January
31, 2025 using the value in use (“VIU”) approach to determine the recoverable value of the cash-generating unit (“CGU”).
A subsequent assessment has been performed to the year end date which has determined that there have been no events
or changes in circumstances which would have changed the outcome of the assessment performed as at January, 31.
The impairment assessment determined that the CGU recoverable value exceeded the carrying amount by ₹ 63,101 crores
(GBP 5,700 million) (2024:₹ 68,267 crores (GBP 6,500 million) and therefore no impairment was identified. The decrease
in headroom has largely been driven by an increase to the value of the CGU offset by improved performance projections
forecast for future periods following cycle plan actions and other strategic changes. It was further determined that this
decrease did not require the reversal of the previously recorded impairment loss.
JLR has considered it appropriate to undertake the impairment assessment with reference to the approved business plan
that was in effect as at the assessment date. The business plan includes a five-year cash flow forecast and contains growth
rates that are primarily a function of the JLR’s Cycle Plan assumptions, historic performance and management’s expectation
of future market developments through to 2029/30.
In estimating the future cash flows management have given due consideration to the inherent uncertainty of forecast
information and have adjusted some of the assumptions in the business plan to take into account possible variations in
the amount or timing of the cashflows. In doing so, management has incorporated execution risks associated with our
‘Reimagine’ strategy and the transition to electrified powertrain into the VIU, as well as other risks that may impact future
cash flows.
Climate risk
JLR recognises that the potential impact of climate risk to areas such as supply chain, operations, and material and compliance
costs may result in variations to the timing and amounts of future cash flows. As such climate risk is incorporated into the
development of our forecast cash flows in the VIU by reference to our climate change risk assessment. These risks are
principally reflected by the risk adjustments related to the variable profit and volumes which would be most affected by
climate change events, for example, scarcity of certain commodities driving up costs and therefore adversely impacting
variable profit.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
333 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Key assumptions
The assessment of impairment is based on forecasts of future cashflows which are inherently uncertain and are developed
using informed assumptions such as historical trends and market information. The key assumptions are:
i) the recoverable amount is most sensitive;
ii) involve a significant amount of judgement and estimation; and
iii) drive significant changes to the recoverable amount when flexed under reasonably possible outcomes.
Variable profit per unit and volumes – The approach to determining the forecast variable profit per unit and volumes
is based on consideration of historical performance, the order bank, profit optimisation efforts and Group Cycle Plan
assumptions, along with the impact of risks on future cashflows discussed above. A small change in either assumption may
have a significant impact to future cashflows and for this reason, as well as the impact of risks associated with supply and
inflationary pressures on variable profit and volumes, the directors consider variable profit per unit and volumes to be
key assumptions. Further, the variable profit per unit and volumes included in the business plan are largely driven by an
updated portfolio, which includes estimates and judgements related to the transition to electrified powertrain, including
the introduction of new Jaguar.
Terminal value capital expenditure – the five year cash flows timing and amount are based on the latest Cycle Plan. The
terminal value is based on the best estimate of a maintenance level of capital expenditure which has been derived from
depreciation and amortisation expectations and funding requirements in responses to longer-term industry trends and
risks informed by those listed above, which are anticipated in the VIU calculation. Due to the judgement and estimation
involved in the calculation of terminal value capital expenditure, as well as the sensitivity of the recoverable amount to any
change in the value, JLR consider this to be a key assumption.
Discount rate – the approach to determining the discount rate is based on the Capital Asset Pricing Model and a market
participant after tax cost of debt. These inputs are based on a typical build up approach, calculated using country specific
premiums without size premium and with an unlevered equity Beta with reference to industry peers. The decrease in the
year has mainly been driven by a decrease to the country risk premium. The discount rate is regarded as a key assumption
as it is the rate which drives the discounted cashflows used to determine the VIU of the CGU primarily due to the level of
judgement and estimation involved and the sensitivity of the recoverable amount to small changes in the percentage.
The VIU assessment is sensitive to certain assumptions, such as Sales, General and Administration (SG&A) costs which
are not considered to be key assumptions, because significant adverse changes are not considered reasonably possible
based on the forecasting methodology, where historical performance has been adjusted for expected future cost savings.
Similarly, certain assumptions which involve greater judgement and estimation, such as growth rate, but for which even
relatively significant changes have a limited impact on the assessment are not regarded as key assumptions.
Sensitivity to Key Assumptions
The value of key assumptions used to calculate the recoverable amount are as follows, presented as a % of Gross Vehicle
Revenues (“GVR”) to demonstrate the relative value to the assessment where noted:
As at As at
January 31, 2025 January 31, 2024
Forecast period (Yr1-5) variable profit 27.6% 27.2%
Pre-tax discount rate 11.8% 11.8%
Terminal value variable profit (%GVR)* 27.9% 24.3%
Terminal value capital expenditures (%GVR) 8.0% 8.7%
* Based on forecast variable profit per unit and volumes
Sensitivity to reasonably possible changes to key assumptions
Given the inherent uncertainty about the timing and amount of any change in key assumptions, as well as the significant
portion of the recoverable amount related to the VIU terminal value, JLR consider a net impact on terminal period cash
flows to be the best means of indicating the sensitivity of key assumptions.
80th Integrated Annual Report
334
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
JLR considers the variable profit and volumes assumptions to be interdependent as movement in one assumption will
impact the other, impacting the overall variable profit. For example, the profit optimisation efforts discussed above will
likely result in higher average variable profit per unit with lower volumes whereas a focus on volumes would likely see
a reduction in the average variable profit per unit. Consequently, the terminal value variable profit sensitivity below
incorporates sensitivity in volumes via the impact on variable profit.
The table below shows the amount by which the value assigned to the key assumptions must change for the recoverable
amount of the CGU to be equal to its carrying amount, none of which are considered to be reasonably plausible:
As at As at
January 31, 2025 January 31, 2024
% change % change
Forecast period (Yr1-5) variable profit (22.9%) (22.2%)
Pre-tax discount rate 23.1% 66.0%
Terminal value variable profit (%GVR) (18.8%) (12.5%)
Terminal value capital expenditures (%GVR) 31.8% 37.7%
8 Investments in equity accounted investees:
(A) Associates
The Company has no material associates as at March 31, 2025. The aggregate summarized financial information in
respect of the Company’s immaterial associates that are accounted for using the equity method is set forth below.
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Carrying amount of the Company's interest in associates 2,108 1,892
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Company’s share of Profit in associates * 315 445
Company’s share of other comprehensive income in associates (4) (0)
Company’s share of total comprehensive income in associates 311 445
i) Fair value of investment in an equity accounted associate for which published price quotation is available, which
is a level 1 input, was ₹ 379 crores and ₹ 656 crores as at March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The carrying
amount as at March 31, 2025 and 2024 was ₹ 180 crores and ₹ 163 crores, respectively.
ii) During the year, the Company has incorporated an associate company viz. BMW TechWorks India Private Limited
(BTIPL) pursuant to its agreement with BMW Holding B.V (other investor). Pursuant to the agreement, the
partners have call and put options for purchase / sale of stake in the BTIPL as defined in the agreement. As
required by Ind AS 109, the call/put option is a financial instrument which is required to be measured at fair value
at inception and the gain on initial recognition of the financial instrument is recognized on a systematic basis
over the period as defined in the agreement. Accordingly other income includes an amount of ₹ 17 crores for
unwinding of liability and ₹ 2 crores towards fair valuation of financial asset for the year ended March 31, 2025.
iii) Further, stake of Automobile Corporation of Goa Limited and Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery Company
Private Limited has been reduced during the year due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital
Ltd (refer note 51). Accordingly, investment in equity accounted investees has been reduced by ₹ 3 crores for
the year.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
335 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(B) Joint ventures
i) Details of the Company’s material joint venture is as follows:
Principal place of % holding as at March 31,
Name of joint venture Principal Activity
business 2025 2024
Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Manufacture and assembly of China 50% 50%
Co. Limited (Chery) vehicles
Chery is a limited liability company, whose legal form confers separation between the parties to the joint
arrangement. There is no contractual arrangement or any other facts and circumstances that indicate that the
parties to the joint venture have rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities of the joint arrangement.
Accordingly, Chery is classified as a joint venture. Chery is not publicly listed.
The following tables sets out the summarised financial information of Chery after adjusting for material
differences in accounting policies:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current assets 5,883 4,999
Non-current assets 8,540 10,839
Current liabilities (7,306) (8,995)
Non-current liabilities (266) (47)
The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:
Cash and cash equivalents 3,210 2,899
Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables and provisions) (2,480) (2,122)
Share of net assets of material joint venture 3,426 3,398
Other consolidation adjustments (55) (39)
Carrying amount of the Company's interest in joint venture 3,371 3,359
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Revenue 11,917 15,722
Net (loss)/income (164) 301
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year (164) 301
The above net income includes the following:
Depreciation and amortization (2,071) (1,790)
Interest income 65 83
Interest expense (net) (65) (83)
Income tax (credit)/expense 97 (94)
Reconciliation of above summarized financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the joint
venture recognised in the consolidated financial statements:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Net assets of the joint venture 6,851 6,796
Proportion of the Company's interest in joint venture 3,426 3,398
Other consolidation adjustments (55) (39)
Carrying amount of the Company's interest in joint venture 3,371 3,359
80th Integrated Annual Report
336
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(ii) The aggregate summarized financial information in respect of the Company’s immaterial joint ventures that are
accounted for using the equity method is set forth below.
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Carrying amount of the Company’s interest in joint ventures 55 89
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Company’s share of profit in immaterial joint ventures* 54 94
Company’s share of other comprehensive (loss)/income in immaterial joint ventures (69) 1
Company’s share of total comprehensive (loss)/income in immaterial joint ventures (15) 95
(C) Summary of carrying amount of the Company’s interest in equity accounted investees:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Carrying amount in immaterial associates 2,108 1,892
Carrying amount in material joint venture 3,371 3,359
Carrying amount in immaterial joint ventures 55 89
Total 5,534 5,340
(D) Summary of Company’s share of profit/(loss) in equity accounted investees:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Share of profit in immaterial associates 315 445
Share of (loss)/profit in material joint venture (82) 151
Share of profit on other adjustments in material joint venture - 10
Share of profit in immaterial joint ventures 54 94
287 700
(E) Summary of Company’s share of other comprehensive income in equity accounted investees:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Share of other comprehensive income in immaterial associates - (0)
Currency translation differences-immaterial associates (4) (0)
Currency translation differences-material joint venture 94 (137)
Currency translation differences-immaterial joint ventures (69) 1
21 (136)
*Company’s share of profit/(loss) of the equity accounted investees has been determined after giving effect for the
subsequent amortisation/depreciation and other adjustments arising on account of fair value adjustments made to
the identifiable net assets of the equity accounted investee as at the date of acquisition and other adjustment arising
under the equity method of accounting.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
337 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
9 Other Investments-non-current
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Investments-measured at Fair value through Other Comprehensive Income
Quoted:
Equity shares 848 954
Unquoted:
Equity shares 861 801
Total 1,709 1,755
(b) Investments-measured at Fair value through profit or loss
Quoted:
(i) Others - 5
Unquoted:
(i) Equity shares 581 493
(ii) Convertible debentures 33 49
Total 614 547
(c) Investments-measured at amortised cost
Quoted:
Investment in government securities - 1,076
Unquoted:
Non-convertible debentures 600 -
Total 600 1,076
Total (a+b+c) 2,923 3,378
Aggregate book value of quoted investments 848 2,035
Aggregate market value of quoted investments 848 2,035
Aggregate book value of unquoted investments 2,075 1,343
10 Other Investments-current
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Investments-measured at Fair value through Other Comprehensive Income
Quoted:
Equity Shares - 7
(b) Investments-measured at Fair value through profit and loss
Quoted:
Investment in government securities - 10
Mutual funds 7,193 2,879
Total 7,193 2,889
(c) Investments-measured at amortised cost
Quoted:
Investment in government securities - 249
Mutual funds 20,006 11,108
Total 20,006 11,357
Total (a+b+c) 27,199 14,253
Aggregate book value of quoted investments 27,199 14,253
Aggregate market value of quoted investments 27,199 14,253
80th Integrated Annual Report
338
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
11 Loans
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Non-current
Secured, considered good:
(a) Loans to channel partners - 307
Unsecured:
(a) Loans to employees 33 42
(b) Deposits 59 59
(c) Loans to channel partners - 32
(d) Others (Net of allowances for credit impaired balances ₹ 30 crores and ₹ 30 crores as at 7 2
March 31, 2025 and 2024,
Total 99 442
Current
Secured, considered good:
(a) Loans to channel partners - 117
Unsecured:
(a) Loans to channel partners - 51
(b) Inter corporate deposits 49 29
(c) Loan to employees 23 -
Total 72 197
12 Other financial assets
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Non-current
(a) Derivative financial instruments 3,999 3,163
(b) Finance Lease receivables 3,406 2,107
(c) Government grant receivables 2,210 1,997
(d) Deposits (Net of allowances for credit impaired balances ₹ 3 crores and ₹ 3 crores as at 1,245 794
March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively
(e) Recoverable from suppliers 887 664
(f) Contractual financial asset measured at FVTPL (refer note 8 (a)(ii)) 243 -
(g) Deposits with banks 25 109
(h) Restricted deposits (refer note (i) below ) 169 127
(i) Advances to channel partners (Net of allowances for credit impaired balances Nil and
₹ 54 crores as at March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively). - 97
(j) Interest accrued on loans and deposits 1 23
(k) Margin money / cash collateral with banks (refer note (ii) below) - 4
Total 12,185 9,085
Notes:
(i) Margin money/ cash collateral with banks consists of collateral provided for transfer of finance receivables.
(ii) Restricted deposits as at March 31, 2025 and 2024 includes ₹ 77 crores and ₹ 52 crores, respectively, held as a deposit
in relation to ongoing legal cases.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
339 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current
(a) Derivative financial instruments 4,440 3,106
(b) Advances to supplier, contractors etc. (Net of allowances for credit impaired balances
₹ 49 crores and ₹ 58 crores as at March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively) 4,126 2,947
(c) Government grant receivables 1,606 806
(d) Receivable on Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd
(refer note 51) 8,016 -
(e) Cash collateral with bank (refer note below) 386 287
(f) Receivables from mutual fund - 204
(g) Interest accrued on loans and deposits 188 143
(h) Finance lease receivables 210 112
(i) Security deposits 3 7
(j) Others 9 509
Total 18,984 8,121
Note:
Cash collateral with banks consists of collateral provided for transfer of trade receivables.
13 Inventories
(A) Accounting policy
Inventories (other than those recognised consequent to the sale of vehicles subject to repurchase arrangements)
are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of raw materials, components and consumables are
ascertained on a first in first out basis. Cost, including fixed and variable production overheads, are allocated to work-
in-progress and finished goods determined on a full absorption cost basis. Cost of inventories also include all other
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. Net realisable value is the estimated
selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated cost of completion and selling expenses. Inventories
include vehicles sold subject to repurchase arrangements. These vehicles are carried at cost to the Company and are
amortised in changes in inventories of finished goods to their residual values (i.e., estimated second hand sale value)
over the term of the arrangement.
(B) Inventories consist of the following:-
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Raw materials and components 3,081 3,401
(b) Work-in-progress 5,942 6,182
(c) Finished goods 36,196 36,622
(d) Stores and spare parts 305 277
(e) Consumable tools 614 490
(f) Goods-in-transit-Raw materials and components 1,131 816
Total 47,269 47,788
Notes:
(i) Inventories of finished goods include ₹ 5,070 crores and ₹ 4,506 crores as at March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively,
relating to vehicles sold subject to repurchase arrangements.
(ii) Cost of goods sold recognised as expense during the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 amounted to ₹ 315,636
crores and ₹ 304,165 crores, respectively.
(iii) During the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded inventory write-down expense of
₹ 337 crores and ₹ 1,334 crores, respectively, in the consolidated statement of profit and loss.
80th Integrated Annual Report
340
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
14 Trade receivables (Unsecured)
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Receivables considered good 13,345 17,069
Credit impaired receivables 653 634
13,998 17,703
Less : Allowance for receivables considered good (97) (117)
Less : Allowance for credit impaired receivables (653) (634)
Total 13,248 16,952
15 Cash and cash equivalents
(A) Accounting policy
Cash and cash equivalents comprises cash on hand, demand deposits and highly liquid investments with an original
maturity of up to three months that are readily convertible into cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of
changes in value.
(B) Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Cash on hand 0 7
(b) Cheques on hand 98 287
(c) Balances with banks 6,649 6,497
(d) Deposits with banks 27,602 33,224
34,349 40,015
16 Other bank balances
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
With upto 12 months maturity:
(a) Earmarked balances with banks (refer note below) 413 590
(b) Bank deposits 6,072 5,202
Total 6,485 5,792
Note :
Earmarked balances with bank includes ₹ 192 crores and ₹ 344 crores as at March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively held as
security in relation to interest and repayment of bank borrowings. Out of these deposits, ₹ 192 crores and ₹ 254 crores as
at March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively are pledged till the maturity of the respective borrowings.
17 Finance receivables (refer note 51)
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Finance receivables 5 31,474
Less: Allowance for credit losses (5) (1,309)
Total - 30,165
Current portion - 24,070
Non-current portion - 6,095
Total - 30,165
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
341 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Changes in the allowance for credit losses in finance receivables are as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 1,309 1,908
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (1,304) -
Allowances made during the year - 1,153
Written off - (1,752)
Balance at the end 5 1,309
18 Allowance for trade and other receivables
Change in the allowances for trade and other receivables are as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 1,038 1,108
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (56) -
Allowances made during the year* 109 197
Additions on acquision of subsidiary 4 -
Written off (105) (260)
Foreign exchange translation differences (2) (7)
Balance at the end 988 1,038
*Includes ₹ 46 crores and ₹ 34 crores netted off in revenues as at March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
19 Other non-current assets
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Employee benefits 3,530 3,187
(b) Advances to suppliers 1,917 1,376
(c) Taxes recoverable, statutory deposits and dues from government (net of allowances
for credit impaired balances of ₹ 32 crores and ₹ 32 crores as at March 31, 2025 and
2024, respectively) 545 543
(d) Capital advances 414 279
(e) Research and development expenditure credit 35 15
(f) Prepaid expenses 229 189
(g) Others 182 131
Total 6,852 5,720
80th Integrated Annual Report
342
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
20 Other current assets
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Advances and other receivables (Net of allowances for credit impaired balances
₹ 68 crores and ₹ 54 crores as at March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.) 1,121 1,578
(b) Research and development expenditure credit 2,554 1,869
(c) GST/VAT, other Taxes recoverable, statutory deposits and dues from government
(Net of allowances for credit impaired balances ₹ 56 crores and ₹ 56 crores as at
March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively) 3,393 3,343
(d) Prepaid expenses 2,997 2,445
(e) Contract assets 1,447 1,004
(f) Others 282 190
Total 11,794 10,429
21 Assets classified as held-for-sale
Assets are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered primarily through sale rather than through
continuing use, if the assets are available for immediate sale in their present condition and if the sale is highly probable.
Immediately before classification as held for sale, the assets are measured in accordance with the company’s accounting
policies. Once classified as held for sale, the assets are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less
costs to sell. Any write-downs on initial classification or subsequent remeasurement are recognised in the consolidated
statement of profit and loss.
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Property, plant and equipment 16 358
(b) Other asset held for sale 498 257
(c) Repossessed vehicles related to finance receivable - 59
Total 514 674
Work to implement a disposal plan for each class of asset has already begun and is expected to be completed within twelve
months of the balance sheet date. During the year ended March 31, 2025 write-downs of amounting to Nil (2024: ₹ 63
crores) have been recognised in respect of assets held for sale where the carrying value of assets exceeded fair value less
costs to sell.
22 Income taxes
(A) Accounting policy
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred taxes. Income tax expense is recognised in the consolidated
statement of profit and loss except when they relate to items that are recognised outside of profit or loss (whether in
other comprehensive income or directly in equity), in which case tax is also recognised outside profit or loss, or where
they arise from the initial accounting for a business combination. In the case of a business combination the tax effect
is included in the accounting for the business combination. Current income taxes are determined based on respective
taxable income of each taxable entity.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the carrying values of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and unutilised business loss and depreciation
carry-forwards and tax credits. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed separately for each taxable entity
and for each taxable jurisdiction. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent it is probable that future taxable
income will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses, depreciation carry
forwards and unused tax credits could be utilised. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each
reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available
to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
343 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period
when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or
substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. Current and deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there
is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income
taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on
a net basis. The extent to which deferred tax assets can be recognised is based on an assessment of the probability
that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax loss carry-
forwards can be utilised.
Deferred tax liabilities on taxable temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, branches and
associated companies and interests in joint arrangements are not recognised if the Company is able to control the
timing of the reversal and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
(B) The domestic and foreign components of profit/(loss) before income tax is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Profit before income taxes from continuing operations
India 8,403 5,162
Other than India 25,377 23,267
Total 33,780 28,429
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Profit before income taxes from discontinued operation
India 4,975 (474)
Total 4,975 (474)
The domestic and foreign components of income tax expense is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current taxes
India 296 331
Other than India 4,727 4,606
Deferred taxes
India 2,176 (418)
Other than India 3,303 (8,543)
Total income tax expense from continuing operations 10,502 (4,024)
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Deferred taxes
India 104 172
Total income tax expense from discontinued operation 104 172
80th Integrated Annual Report
344
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
The reconciliation of income tax expense calculated as per tax rates applicable to individual entities with income tax
expense/(credit) reported in the consolidated statement of profit and loss is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Profit before taxes from continuing operations 33,780 28,429
Profit/ (loss) before taxes from discontinued operations 4,975 (474)
Profit before taxes 38,755 27,955
Income tax expense at tax rates applicable to individual entities 9,698 7,587
Items (net) not deductible for tax/not liable to tax :
- Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer
note 51) (629) -
- Others 563 313
Distributed and undistributed earnings of subsidiaries, joint operations and equity
accounted investees 1,392 1,043
Deferred tax assets not recognised because realisation is not probable 61 484
Deferred tax assets recognized on unabsorbed depreciation, tax losses and other tax
credits (261) (8,531)
Previously unrecognised tax losses, unabsorbed depreciation and other tax benefits
utilised (51) (5,095)
Impact of statutory tax rate changes (356) (81)
Tax on share of profit of equity accounted investees (72) (176)
Reversal of deferred tax asset created in previous year due to amendment in 248 -
calculation of capital gains tax
Others (net) * 13 604
Income tax expense/(credit) reported in consolidated statement of profit and loss 10,606 (3,852)
*Others includes tax adjustments (credit)/ expense recognised in relation to prior years of ₹ (154) crores and ₹ 157
crores for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Note:
The Board of Directors has proposed dividend for the year ended March 31, 2025, which will result in cash flow of
₹ 2,209 crores, once approved by Shareholders in the Annual General Meeting. The dividend income being received
from subsidiaries in the year ending March 31, 2026 can be offset against the dividend paid by the Company and
accordingly tax liability on undistributed earning can be reversed.
Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Recognised in Recognised in/reclassified from other Utilization on
consoladated comprehensive income sale of stake
Opening balance Closing balance
statement of Other than in a subsidiary
profit and loss Translation translation company
Deferred tax assets:
Unabsorbed depreciation 2,219 (687) - - (155) 1,377
Business loss carry forwards 10,713 (1,024) 448 - - 10,137
- provisions, allowances for doubtful
receivables 3,032 692 (14) - - 3,710
- others 117 92 6 - - 215
Compensated absences and
retirement benefits (346) (18) (100) 20 - (444)
Minimum alternate tax carry-forward 62 (13) - - - 49
Property, plant and equipment 9,004 (991) 480 - - 8,493
Lease liabilities 1,294 112 - - - 1,406
Unrealised profit on inventory 1,983 (271) 81 - - 1,793
Others 2,798 1,249 93 - - 4,140
Total deferred tax assets 30,876 (859) 994 20 (155) 30,876
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
345 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
Recognised in Recognised in/reclassified from other Utilization on
consoladated comprehensive income sale of stake
Opening balance Closing balance
statement of Other than in a subsidiary
profit and loss Translation translation company
Deferred tax liabilities: -
Property, plant and equipment 1,560 (134) - - - 1,426
Right to use assets 1,272 108 - - - 1,380
Intangible assets 12,959 3,795 707 - - 17,461
Derivative financial instruments 143 55 (33) 965 - 1,130
Undistributed earnings in
subsidiaries, joint operations and
equity accounted investees 2,333 792* 45 - - 3,170
Fair valuation of retained interest in a
subsidiary subsequent to disposal of
controlling equity interest 17 - - - - 17
Disposal due to merger of Tata
Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital
Ltd (refer note 51) - 104 - - - 104
Others 636 4 (1) 42 - 681
Total deferred tax liabilities 18,920 4,724 718 1,007 - 25,369
Net assets/(liabilities) 11,956 (5,583) 276 (987) (155) 5,507
Deferred tax assets 7,176
Deferred tax liabilities 1,669
*Net off ₹ 600 crores reversed on dividend distribution by subsidiaries.
As at March 31, 2025, unrecognized deferred tax assets amount to ₹ 397 crores (gross value- ₹ 1,598 crores) pertaining to
unabsorbed depreciation and ₹ 581 crores (gross value - ₹ 2,380 crores), pertains to business loss which can be carried forward
indefinitely and up to a specified period, respectively. The deferred tax asset has not been recognized on these losses, basis that
its recovery is not probable in the foreseeable future.
Unrecognized deferred tax assets expire unutilized based on the year of origination as follows:
(₹ in crores)
March 31, Gross Amount Tax Amount
2026 97 24
2027 57 17
2028 71 16
2029 266 65
2030 168 42
Thereafter 1,721 417
The Company has not recognized deferred tax liability on undistributed profits of certain subsidiaries amounting to ₹ 62,108
crores and ₹ 48,005 crores as at March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, because it is able to control the timing of the reversal
of temporary differences associated with such undistributed profits and it is probable that such differences will not reverse in
the foreseeable future.
80th Integrated Annual Report
346
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the year ended March 31, 2024 are as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Recognised in Recognised in/reclassified from other Utilization on
consoladated comprehensive income sale of stake
Opening balance Closing balance
statement of profit Other than in a subsidiary
and loss Translation translation company
Deferred tax assets:
Unabsorbed depreciation 2,850 (22) - - (609) 2,219
Business loss carry forwards 2,474 8,101 138 - - 10,713
Other tax losses -Long term capital
loss 150 (150) - - - -
Expenses deductible in future years:
- provisions, allowances for doubtful
receivables 2,888 183 (39) - - 3,032
- others - 115 2 - - 117
Compensated absences and
retirement benefits (1,340) 4 (85) 1,075 - (346)
Minimum alternate tax carry-forward 115 (53) - - - 62
Property, plant and equipment 7,716 520 768 - - 9,004
Lease liabilities 744 550 - - - 1,294
Derivative financial instruments 576 158 21 (898) - (143)
Unrealised profit on inventory 1,230 726 27 - - 1,983
Others 2,316 435 43 4 - 2,798
Total deferred tax assets 19,719 10,567 875 181 (609) 30,733
Deferred tax liabilities: -
Property, plant and equipment 1,787 (832) 605 - - 1,560
Right of use assets 702 570 - - - 1,272
Intangible assets 10,853 1,707 399 - - 12,959
Undistributed earnings in
subsidiaries, joint operations and
equity accounted investees 2,194 113* 26 - - 2,333
Fair valuation of retained interest in a
subsidiary subsequent to disposal of
controlling equity interest 17 - - - - 17
Others 389 218 (19) 48 - 636
Total deferred tax liabilities 15,942 1,776 1,011 48 - 18,777
Net assets/(liabilities) 3,777 8,791 (136) 133 (609) 11,956
Deferred tax assets 13,099
Deferred tax liabilities 1,143
* Net off ₹ 930 crores reversed on dividend distribution by subsidiaries.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
347 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
23 Equity Share Capital
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Authorised:
(i) 5,00,00,00,000 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each 1,000 800
(as at March 31, 2024: 4,00,00,00,000 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
(ii) NIL A' Ordinary shares (refer note (i) below) - 200
(as at March 31, 2024: 1,00,00,00,000 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
(iii) 30,00,00,000 Convertible Cumulative Preference shares of ₹100 each 3,000 3,000
(as at March 31, 2024: 30,00,00,000 shares of ₹100 each)
Total 4,000 4,000
(b) Issued: [Note (h)]
(i) 3,68,20,04,551 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each 736 665
(as at March 31, 2024: 3,32,42,31,560 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
(ii) NIL 'A' Ordinary shares [refer note (i) below] - 102
(as at March 31, 2024: 50,87,36,110 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
Total 736 767
(c) Subscribed and called up: [Note (h)]
(i) 3,68,13,48,742 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each 736 665
(as at March 31, 2024: 3,32,37,39,001 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
(ii) NIL 'A' Ordinary shares [refer note (i) below] - 102
(as at March 31, 2024: 50,85,02,896 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
736 767
(d) Calls unpaid-Ordinary shares
310 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each (₹1 outstanding on each) and 260 Ordinary shares of (0) (0)
₹2 each (₹0.50 outstanding on each)
(as at March 31, 2024: 310 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each (₹1 outstanding on each) and
260 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each (₹0.50 outstanding on each) )
(e) Paid-up (c+d): 736 767
(f) Forfeited-Ordinary shares 0 0
Total (e + f) 736 767
(g) The movement of number of shares and share capital
Year ended March 31, 2025 Year ended March 31, 2024
(Number of (Number of
(₹ in crores) (₹ in crores)
shares) shares)
(i) Ordinary shares
Balance as at April 1 3,32,37,39,001 665 3,32,13,44,325 664
Add: Issuance of shares on cancellation of 'A'
Ordinary shares [refer note (i) below] 35,59,52,028 71 - -
Add: Allotment of shares on exercise of stock
options by employees 16,57,713 0 23,94,676 1
Balance as at March 31 3,68,13,48,742 736 3,32,37,39,001 665
(ii) 'A' Ordinary shares 50,85,02,896 102 50,85,02,896 102
Balance as at April 1 (50,85,02,896) (102) - -
Less: Cancellation of 'A' Ordinary shares [refer note
(i) below] - - 50,85,02,896 102
Balance as at March 31 50,85,02,896 102
80th Integrated Annual Report
348
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(h) The entitlements to 6,55,809 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each (as at March 31, 2024 : 4,92,559 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
and Nil ‘A’ Ordinary shares (as at March 31, 2024: 2,33,214 ‘A’ Ordinary shares of ₹2 each) are subject matter of various
suits filed in the courts / forums by third parties for which final order is awaited and hence kept in abeyance.
(i) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares :
• In respect of every Ordinary share of ₹2 each (whether fully or partly paid), voting rights shall be in the same
proportion as the capital paid up on such Ordinary share bears to the total paid up Ordinary share capital of
the Company.
• The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing
Annual General Meeting.
• In the event of liquidation, the shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Company after
distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholdings.
• The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on July 25, 2023, approved (subject to, inter alia, obtaining the
regulatory and other approvals including from the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”)) a Scheme
of Arrangement (“Scheme”) for reduction, through cancellation of the entire ‘A’ Ordinary Share capital
and in consideration thereof, issue and allotment of new Ordinary Shares in the Company, in the manner as
contemplated in the Scheme.
The NCLT vide Order dated August 2, 2024 has sanctioned the Scheme which was effective from September 1, 2024.
Accordingly, the Company cancelled 50,85,02,896 ‘A’ Ordinary shares of ₹2 each (₹ 102 crores) and issued 35,59,52,028
new Ordinary Shares of ₹2 each (₹ 71 crores) to TML Securities Trust, in terms of the Scheme. The resultant difference
of ₹ 31 crores is recorded in Securities Premium Account. TML Securities Trust was able to credit new ordinary Shares
to the respective ‘A’ Ordinary shareholders, except 1,73,389 new Ordinary Shares. Of these 86,411 new Ordinary
Shares, have been transferred to Investor Education and Protection Fund on March 13, 2025. Remaining 86,978 new
Ordinary Shares are yet to be transferred to the ultimate shareholders/ beneficial owners by TML Securities Trust as
on March 31, 2025, are consolidated in the consolidated financial statements. These 86,978 new Ordinary Shares are
presently held in an escrow demat account of the Company.
The total expenses of ₹ 70 crores (including ₹ 53 crores for the year ended March 31, 2025) incurred on the cancellation
of ‘A’ Ordinary Shares have been accounted through retained earnings.
The issue of new Ordinary Shares as consideration for reduction by way of cancellation of ‘A’ Ordinary Shares, was
considered to be ‘Deemed Dividend’ in the hands of ‘A’ Ordinary Shareholders in terms of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
The TDS liability of the Company on the aforesaid ‘Deemed Dividend’, amounting to ₹ 1,073 crores, has been funded
through sale of requisite number of new Ordinary Shares, in the manner as contemplated in the Scheme.
(j) Number of shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5 percent of the issued share capital :
As at March 31,
2025 2024
% of Issued % of Issued
No. of Shares No. of Shares
Share Capital Share Capital
(i) Ordinary shares :
(a) Tata Sons Private Limited 40.16% 1,47,82,63,541 43.69% 1,45,21,13,801
(ii) ‘A’ Ordinary shares :
(a) Tata Sons Private Limited NA NA 7.57% 3,85,11,281
(b) ICICI Prudential Equity & Debt Fund NA NA 8.98% 4,56,42,583
(k) Information regarding issue of shares in the last five years
a) The Company has not issued any shares without payment being received in cash.
b) The Company has not issued any bonus shares.
c) The Company has not undertaken any buy-back of shares.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
349 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(l) Disclosure of Shareholding of Promoters
As at March 31,
2025 2024 2023 % change % change
during the during the
Particulars % of % of % of
year FY year FY
Issued Issued Issued
No. of Shares No. of Shares No. of Shares 24-25 23-24
Share Share Share
Capital Capital Capital
(i) Ordinary shares
Tata Sons Private Limited 1,47,82,63,541 40.16% 1,45,21,13,801 43.69% 1,45,21,13,801 43.72% (3.53%) (0.03%)
(ii) ‘A’ Ordinary shares :
Tata Sons Private Limited NA NA 3,85,11,281 7.57% 3,85,11,281 7.57% NA -
24 Other components of equity
(a) The movement of Currency translation reserve is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 10,042 9,339
Exchange differences arising on translating the net assets of foreign operations (net) 3,588 839
Net change in translation reserve - equity accounted investees (net) 21 (136)
Balance at the end 13,651 10,042
(b) The movement of Equity instruments held as fair value through other comprehensive
income (FVTOCI) is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 950 571
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (113) -
Other Comprehensive income for the year 123 427
Income tax relating to gain/(loss) recognised on equity investments, where applicable (52) (48)
Balance at the end 908 950
(c) The movement of gain/(loss) on debt instruments held as fair value through other
comprehensive income (FVTOCI) is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 392 459
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (392) -
Other Comprehensive income for the year - (90)
Income tax relating to gain/(loss) recognised on debt instrument, where applicable - 23
Balance at the end - 392
80th Integrated Annual Report
350
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(d) The movement of Hedging reserve is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 1,054 (6,556)
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (16) -
Gain/ (Loss) recognised on cash flow hedges 5,596 7,832
Income tax relating to loss recognized on cash flow hedges (1,411) (702)
Cash flow hedges reclassified to profit or loss (1,895) 632
Income tax relating to gain reclassified to profit or loss 473 (163)
Amounts reclassified from hedge reserve to inventory 302 21
Income tax related to amounts reclassified from hedge reserve to inventory (75) (10)
Balance at the end 4,028 1,054
Of the above balance related to :
Continued Hedges 4,039 1,033
Discontinued Hedges (11) 21
(e) The movement of Cost of hedging reserve is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning (34) (1,005)
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (15) -
Gain/(Loss) recognised on cash flow hedges 249 865
Income tax relating to loss recognized on cash flow hedges (60) (20)
Cash flow hedges reclassified to profit or loss (145) 152
Income tax relating to gain reclassified to profit or loss 33 (36)
Amounts removed from hedge reserve and recognised in inventory 22 10
Balance at the end 50 (34)
Of the above balance related to :
Continued Hedges 50 (34)
Discontinued Hedges - -
(f) Summary of Other components of equity:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Currency translation reserve 13,651 10,042
Equity instruments through FVTOCI 908 950
Debt instruments through FVTOCI - 392
Hedging reserve 4,028 1,054
Cost of hedging reserve 50 (34)
Total 18,637 12,404
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
351 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
25 Notes to reserves and surplus
(a) Securities premium
The amount received in excess of face value of the equity shares is recognised in Securities premium.
(b) Retained earnings
Retained earnings are the profits that the Company has earned till date, add/(less) any transfers from/(to) general
reserve, securities premium and debenture redemption reserve, dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders.
Retained earnings includes re-measurement gain/(loss) on defined benefit obligations, net of taxes that will not be
reclassified to Profit and Loss.
(c) Capital redemption reserve
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 (the “Companies Act”) requires that where a company purchases its own shares out
of free reserves or securities premium account, a sum equal to the nominal value of the shares so purchased shall
be transferred to a capital redemption reserve account and details of such transfer shall be disclosed in the Balance
Sheet. The capital redemption reserve account may be applied by the Company, in paying up unissued shares of the
Company to be issued to shareholders of the Company as fully paid bonus shares. Tata Motors Limited established this
reserve pursuant to the redemption of preference shares issued in earlier years.
(d) Debenture redemption reserve (DRR)
The Companies Act requires that where a company issues debentures, it shall create a debenture redemption reserve
out of profits of the Company available for payment of dividend. The company is required to maintain a Debenture
Redemption Reserve of 25% of the value of debentures issued, either by a public issue or on a private placement basis.
The amounts credited to the debenture redemption reserve may not be utilised by the Company except to redeem
debentures. Transfers represent DRR on debentures issued before August 16, 2019 and pertaining to debentures
repaid during the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. No DRR is required for debentures issued after August
16, 2019.
(e) Reserve for research and human resource development
In terms of Article 9 of the Act on Special Taxation Restriction in Korea, Tata Daewoo Mobility Company Limited
(formerly known as Tata Daewoo Commercial Vehicle Company Limited) (“TDM”) is entitled for deferment of tax in
respect of expenditures incurred on product development cost subject to fulfilment of certain conditions, by way of
deduction from the taxable income, provided that TDM appropriates an equivalent amount from “Retained Earnings”
to “Reserve for Research and Human Resource Development”.
The deferment is for a period of three years and from the fourth year onwards one-third of the reserve is offered to
tax and an equal amount is then transferred from the reserve to “Retained earnings available for appropriation”.
(f) Special reserve
The special reserve represents the reserve created by subsidiary of Tata Motors Limited pursuant to the Reserve Bank
of India Act, 1934 (the “RBI Act”) and related regulations applicable to those companies. Under the RBI Act, a non-
banking finance company is required to transfer an amount not less than 20% of its net profit to a reserve fund before
declaring any dividend. Appropriation from this reserve fund is permitted only for the purposes specified by the RBI.
(g) Earned surplus reserve
Under the Korean commercial code, TDM is required to appropriate at least 10% of cash dividend declared each year
to a legal reserve until such reserves equal to 50% of capital stock. This reserve may not be utilized for cash dividends,
but may only be used to offset against future deficits, if any, or may be transferred to capital stock.
(h) Hedge Reserve
Effective portion of fair value gain/(loss) on all financial instruments designated in cash flow hedge relationship are
accumulated in hedge reserve.
80th Integrated Annual Report
352
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(i) Cost of hedge reserve
Fair value gain/(loss) attributable to cost of hedge on all financials instruments designated in cash flow hedge
relationship are accumulated in cost of hedge reserve.
(j) Capital Reserve
The capital reserve represents the excess of the Company’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable
assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities over the purchase consideration.
(k) Dividends
Any dividend declared by Tata Motors Limited is based on the profits available for distribution as reported in the
statutory financial statements of Tata Motors Limited (standalone) prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles in India or Ind AS. Indian law permits the declaration and payment of dividend out of profits
for the year or previous financial year(s) as stated in the statutory financial statements of Tata Motors Limited
(Standalone) prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India, or Ind AS after providing
for depreciation in accordance with the provisions of Schedule II to the Companies Act. However, in the absence of
the said profits, it may declare dividend out of free reserves, subject to certain conditions as prescribed under the
Companies (Declaration and Payment of Dividend) Rules, 2014. Accordingly, in certain years the net income reported
in this Financial Statements may not be fully distributable.
For the year ended March 31, 2025, the Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of ₹ 6/- per fully paid
up Ordinary share of ₹ 2.00 each, subject to approval by the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting, and if
approved, would result in a cash outflow of ₹ 2,209 crores. The Company has paid a final dividend of ₹ 3.00 per share
on Ordinary shares and ₹ 3.10 per share on ‘A’ Ordinary Shares and a special dividend of ₹ 3.00 per share on ordinary
shares and ₹ 3.10 per share on ‘A’ Ordinary shares totaling to ₹ 2,310 crores for the year ended March 31, 2024.
(l) Share-based payments reserve
Share-based payments reserve represents amount of fair value, as on the date of grant, of unvested options and
vested options not exercised till date, that have been recognised as expense in the consolidated statement of profit
and loss till date.
(m) Reserve for Equity instruments through other comprehensive income
Fair value gain/loss arising on equity investment that are designated as held at fair value through Other comprehensive
income is included here.
(n) Reserve for Debt instruments through other comprehensive income
Fair value gain/loss arising on debt investment that are designated as held at fair value through Other comprehensive
income is included here.
26 Long-term borrowings
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Secured:
(a) Term loans from banks - 12,980
(b) Others 334 306
Unsecured:
(a) Privately placed Non-Convertible Debentures 3,739 3,574
(b) Perpetual Debentures 1,282 1,770
(c) Term loans:
i) from banks 11,180 8,938
ii) other parties 413 383
(d) Senior notes 23,269 34,198
Total 40,217 62,149
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
353 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
27 Short-term borrowings
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Secured:
(a) Loans from banks 1,620 2,914
(b) Current maturities of long-term borrowings 971 7,683
Unsecured:
(a) Loans from banks 4,067 760
(b) Inter corporate deposits from associates - 92
(c) Commercial paper - 1,969
(d) Current maturities of long-term borrowings 15,624 22,934
Total 22,282 36,352
1) Collaterals against borrowing
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Finance receivables - 23,744
Finance lease receivables 3,047 1,824
Inventory 1,723 442
Other financial assets 110 104
Trade receivables 246 126
Property, plant and equipment 587 621
Total 5,713 26,861
2) Current maturities of long term borrowings consist of :
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Secured:
(i) Term loans from banks 953 7,683
(ii) Others 18 -
Total 971 7,683
Unsecured:
(i) Privately placed Non-Convertible Debentures 875 4,307
(ii) Senior Notes 11,890 8,136
(iii) Term loans from banks and others 2,859 10,491
Total 15,624 22,934
80th Integrated Annual Report
354
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes:
Long Term Borrowings
(A) Long-term loan from banks/financial institution and Government (Secured)
(₹ in crores)
Amount included in
Amount included
Current Maturities
in Long-Term
of Long-Term Collateral, Interest rates and Maturity
Borrowings (note
Borrowings (note
26)
27)
Term loans from bank
1 - 674 Charge is created against property, plant and equipment, finance lease receivables,
current assets and present and future buses deployed by the Company on lease. It bears
floating interest rate currently at 8.80%.
2 - 279 Charge is created against finance lease receivables, current assets and buses deployed
on lease. It bears floating interest rate currently at 8.80%.
Total - 953
Term loans from bank
1 256 - The loan is secured by a second and subservient charge over Tata Motors Passenger
Vehicle Limited's freehold land together with immovable properties, plant and
machinery and other movable assets (excluding stock and book debts) situated at
Sanand plant in the State of Gujarat. The loan is due for repayment from the quarter
ending March 31,2033 to quarter ending March 31, 2039, along with simple interest at
the rate of 0.10% p.a
2 78 18 The loan is secured by bank gurantee for the due performance of the conditions as per
the terms of the agreement.The loan is due for repayment from the quarter ending June
30, 2030 to October 31, 2039, along with a simple interest of 0.01% p.a.
Total 334 18
(B) Short-term borrowings
Loans, cash credits, overdrafts and buyers line of credit from banks are secured by hypothecation of existing current
assets of the Company viz. stock of raw materials, stock in process, semi-finished goods, stores and spares not relating
to plant and machinery (consumable stores and spares), bills receivable and book debts including receivable from hire
purchase / leasing and all other moveable current assets except cash and bank balances, loans of the Company both
present and future.
Long-Term Borrowings: Terms
(A) Senior notes (Euro MTF listed debt)
The senior notes of Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Plc (JLR) are listed on the Euro MTF market, which is a listed market
regulated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
Details of the tranches of the senior notes outstanding are as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Amount As at As at
Particulars Currency
(in million) March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
5.500% Senior Notes due 2029 USD 409 3,473 3,385
4.500% Senior Notes due 2028 EUR 500 4,603 4,471
5.875% Senior Notes due 2028 USD 553 4,698 4,576
4.500% Senior Notes due 2027 USD 500 4,093 3,931
6.875% Senior Notes due 2026 EUR 298 2,770 2,701
4.500% Senior Notes due 2026 EUR 500 3,357 * 3,302
7.750% Senior Notes due 2025 USD 700 5,969 * 5,811
5.875% Senior Notes due 2024 EUR 500 - 4,489 *
28,963 32,666
* Classified as current maturities of long term borrowings.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
355 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(B) Senior notes (SGX-ST listed debt)
The senior notes of Tata Motors Limited and TML Holdings Pte Ltd are listed on the SGX-ST market, which is a listed
market regulated by the Singapore Stock Exchange.
Details of the tranches of the senior notes outstanding at March 31, 2025 are as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Amount As at As at
Particulars Currency
(in million) March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
4.350% Senior Notes due 2026 USD 425 3,632 3,522
5.875% Senior Notes due 2025 USD 300 2,564 * 2,498
5.750% Senior Notes due 2024 USD 138 - 1,152 *
5.500% Senior Notes due 2024 USD 300 - 2,495 *
6,196 9,667
* Classified as current maturities of long term borrowings.
(C) Non-convertible debentures (unsecured) amounting to ₹ 3,739 crores included within long-term borrowing in note
26 and ₹ 875 crores included within current maturities of long-term borrowings in note 27 bear interest rate ranging
from 6.60% to 8.50% and maturity ranging from September 2025 to March 2028.
(D) Perpetual debenture amounting to ₹ 1,282 crores included within long-term borrowing in note 26 bear interest rate
ranging from 7.30% to 8.75% having simultaneous call/put option after 4/5th year from the date of issuance.
(E) Loan from banks/ financial institutions and others (unsecured)
(₹ in crores)
Amount included Amount included in
in Long-Term Current Maturities
Interest rates and Maturity
Borrowings (note of Long-Term
26) Borrowings (note 27)
Term loans
1 550 625 Term loan bearing floating interest rate based on marginal cost of funds lending rate
(MCLR) of respective bank having maturity ranging from August 2025 to November
2026.
2 6,932 1,380 Foreign currency term loan bearing floating interest rate and maturity ranging from
April 2025 to May 2029.
3 4,111 - Foreign currency term loan bearing floating interest rate that are linked to SONIA
maturity in October 2027.
4 - 854 Foreign currency syndicated bearing floating interest rate that are linked to SOFR
maturity in July 2025.
Total 11,593 2,859
(F) Short Term Borrowings : Terms
Short-term loan from banks and other parties consists of cash credit, overdrafts, short term loan, bill discounting
amounting to ₹ 4,067 crores bearing fixed rate of interest ranging from 3.70% to 5.04%.
80th Integrated Annual Report
356
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(G) Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities
(₹ in crores)
Short term Long term
Lease Liabilities Total
borrowings borrowings
Balance at April 1, 2024 8,763 36,352 62,149 107,264
Proceeds from issuance of debt - 5,812 7,386 13,198
Repayment of financing (2,393) (21,232) (25) (23,650)
Reclassification of long-term debt - 16,885 (16,885) -
Foreign exchange 297 78 1,173 1,548
Amortisation / EIR adjustment of prepaid borrowing costs (net)/
other adjustment - 38 238 276
Issue of new leases 1,996 - - 1,996
Interest accrued 739 - - 739
Lease Terminations (466) - - (466)
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata
Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (82) (15,651) (14,010) (29,743)
Other Adjustments/ modifications 187 - 191 378
Balance at March 31, 2025 9,041 22,282 40,217 71,540
Balance at April 1, 2023 8,453 36,965 88,696 134,114
Proceeds from issuance of debt - 10,194 11,629 21,823
Repayment of financing (1,924) (18,650) (31,758) (52,332)
Reclassification of long-term debt - 7,719 (7,719) -
Foreign exchange 154 (212) 922 864
Amortisation / EIR adjustment of prepaid borrowing costs (net) - 336 282 618
Issue of new leases 1,448 - - 1,448
Interest accrued 703 - - 703
Lease Terminations (70) - - (70)
Other Adjustments/ modifications (1) - 97 96
Balance at March 31, 2024 8,763 36,352 62,149 107,264
28 Other financial liabilities – non-current
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Derivative financial instruments 723 1,413
(b) Liability towards employee separation scheme 103 113
(c) Liability towards supplier claim - 46
(d) Option premium payable - 9
(e) Others 75 92
Total 901 1,673
29 Other financial liabilities – current
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Liability for capital expenditure (Refer note below) 5,352 5,013
(b) Liability towards vehicles sold under repurchase arrangements 5,530 4,782
(c) Derivative financial instruments 1,701 2,830
(d) Interest accrued but not due on borrowings 940 1,361
(e) Deposits and retention money 681 664
(f) Option premium payable 9 65
(g) Liability towards Investors Education and Protection Fund under Section 125 of 20 5
(h) the Companies Act, 2013 (IEPF) not due 85 665
Others 14,318 15,385
Note
Includes ₹ 71 crores (₹ 95 crores as at March 31, 2024) outstanding towards principal and interest provision on dues of
micro enterprises and small enterprises as per Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
357 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
30 Trade payables
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
Overdue
Not Due* More than 3 Total
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years
years
Outstanding dues of micro and small
enterprises
(a) Disputed dues - - - - - -
(b) Undisputed dues 436 16 - - - 452
436 16 - - - 452
Outstanding dues other than micro and small
enterprises
(a) Disputed dues 32 11 - - - 43
(b) Undisputed dues 91,990 1,364 62 53 114 93,583
92,022 1,375 62 53 114 93,626
Acceptances
(a) Disputed dues - - - - - -
(b) Undisputed dues 3,290 - - - - 3,290
3,290 - - - - 3,290
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2024
Overdue
Not Due* More than 3 Total
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years
years
Outstanding dues of micro and small
enterprises
(a) Disputed dues - - - - - -
(b) Undisputed dues 461 24 16 1 - 502
461 24 16 1 - 502
Outstanding dues other than micro and small
enterprises
(a) Disputed dues 134 4 - - - 138
(b) Undisputed dues 80,849 5,960 377 184 32 87,402
80,983 5,964 377 184 32 87,540
Acceptances
(a) Disputed dues - - - - - -
(b) Undisputed dues 5,936 - - - - 5,936
5,936 - - - - 5,936
*includes accrued and unbilled
31 Other non-current liabilities
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Contract liabilities [refer note 32 (i) & (ii) below] 8,201 7,498
(b) Deferred government grants [refer note 32 (iii) below] 6,490 4,327
(c) Employee benefits obligations 306 287
(d) Deferred income [refer note 8 (a)(ii)] 183 -
(e) Others 196 122
Total 15,376 12,234
80th Integrated Annual Report
358
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
32 Other current liabilities
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Contract liabilities [refer note (i) & (ii) below] 8,636 7,604
(b) Deferred government grants [refer note (iii) below] 777 990
(c) Statutory dues (VAT, Excise, Service Tax, GST, Octroi etc.) 3,766 4,265
(d) Deferred income [refer note 8 (a)(ii)] 33 -
(e) Others 128 131
Total 13,340 12,990
Note:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(i) Opening contract liabilities 15,102 12,226
Amount recognised in revenue (8,058) (5,996)
Amount received in advance during the year 9,409 8,850
Amount refunded to customers (188) (152)
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (12) -
Currency translation 584 174
Closing contract liabilities 16,837 15,102
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(ii) Contract liabilities include
Advances received from customers Current 3,934 3,637
Deferred income Current 4,702 3,967
Non-current 8,201 7,498
Total contract liabilities 16,837 15,102
(iii) Government grants include :
a) Government incentives includes ₹ 208 crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹ 186 crores as at March 31, 2024) grants
relating to property, plant and equipment related to duty saved on import of capital goods and spares under the
EPCG scheme. Under such scheme, the Company is committed to export prescribed times of the duty saved on
import of capital goods over a specified period of time. In case such commitments are not met, the Company
would be required to pay the duty saved along with interest to the regulatory authorities.
b) ₹ 5,975 crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹ 4,392 crores as at March 31, 2024) relating to Research and Development
Expenditure Credit (RDEC) on qualifying expenditure incurred since April 1, 2013.
33 Provisions
(A) Accounting policy
A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation
that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the
obligation. When the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined by discounting the
expected future cash flows using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the liability.
Product warranty expenses
The estimated liability for product warranties are recognized when products are sold or when new warranty
programmes are initiated. These estimates are established using historical information on the nature, frequency and
average cost of warranty claims and management estimates regarding possible future warranty claims, customer
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
359 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
goodwill and recall complaints The timing of outflows will vary depending on when warranty claim will arise, being
typically up to six years and for batteries in electric vehicles warranty period is typically up to eight years. The Company
also has back-to-back contractual arrangement with its suppliers in the event that a vehicle fault is proven to be a
supplier’s fault.
The Company’s calculation methodology uses detailed historical data corrected for experience as information becomes
available as well as individual campaign assumptions (such as scope, uptake rates and repair costs). The calculated
provisions are compared to current spend rates to assess balances versus expected future obligations. This can lead
to changes in the carrying value of provisions as assumptions are updated over the life of each warranty to reflect
where actual experience differs to past experience, for example due to higher inflation or timing of claims impacting
disbursement curve analysis. However, there are no individual assumptions that can be reasonably expected to move
over the next financial year to such a degree that it would result in a material adjustment to the warranty provision.
The Company notes that changes in the automotive environment regarding the increasing impact of battery electric
vehicles presents its own significant challenges, particularly due to the lack of maturity and historical data available
at this time to help inform estimates for future warranty claims, as well as any associated recoveries from suppliers
due to such claims. The related provisions are made with the Company’s best estimate at this time to settle such
obligations in the future but will be required to be continually refined as sufficient, real-world data becomes available.
The discount on the warranty provision is calculated using a risk-free discount rate as the risks specific to the liability,
such as inflation, are included in the base calculation.
Estimates of the future costs of warranty actions are subject to numerous uncertainties, including the enactment
of new laws and regulations, the number of vehicles affected by a service or recall action and the nature or final
cost of the corrective action. Due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of the inputs to these assumptions, it is
reasonably possible that the actual cost expenditure over an extended period of time could be materially different
to the estimate in a range of amounts that cannot be reasonably estimated. The Company continues to monitor
developments in global macroeconomic conditions and potential mitigation strategies, including the global tariff
environment, and adjusts the provision if required.
Estimates are made of the expected reimbursement claim based upon historical levels of recoveries from supplier,
adjusted for inflation and applied to the population of vehicles under warranty as on balance sheet date. Supplier
reimbursements are recognised as a separate asset.
Third party claims and obligations
A provision is maintained in respect of legal and constructive obligations to third parties. This includes claims and
obligations related to supplier claims, motor accident claims, consumer complaints, retailer terminations, employment
cases and personal injury claims. The decrease in the period is driven predominantly by supplier claims as a result of
ongoing negotiations and lower levels of new claims.
The provision recognised is based on previous experience, which is considered as a reasonable assumption to estimate
the final settlement, if any, at the time of the claim. The timing and amount of outflows will vary with decreasing
uncertainty from the point at which each claim is received to when it is subsequently settled.
Emissions compliance
The Company maintains a provision for sales non-compliant with legal emissions requirements for certain jurisdictions.
The best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the non-compliance at the balance sheet date is determined
by considering the ways in which the Company can mitigate non-compliance with the emissions requirements. These
include purchasing emission credits at the estimated market rate based on latest market information, or paying the
legislated fine amount where a market indicative credit price cannot be estimated; and, subject to the terms of the
relevant legislation, generating credits by producing and selling compliant vehicles in the future. Legislation is regularly
monitored for changes to the emissions requirements across the various jurisdictions relevant to the Company and
where changes or new legislation is virtually certain to be enacted, these are used as basis in determining the best
estimate for the provision measurement. The measurement of the provision at the balance sheet date does not
include the impact of credits forecast to be generated in the future via the production and sale of compliant vehicles.
The timing of outflows will vary and is not known with certainty. The actual cash outflow may differ to the estimate.
80th Integrated Annual Report
360
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Replacement of battery/refurbishment of buses
The contract entered with the customer requires replacement of batteries and refurbishments of buses given on lease
at the end of 8th year of the contract tenure. The Company has estimated the cost of replacement and refurbishments
and have applied an effective interest rate method for the same.
(B) Provisions consists of the following:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Non-current
(a) Employee benefits obligations 1,626 1,429
(b) Product warranty 16,870 13,166
(c) Emission compliance 1,625 1,242
(d) Provision for replacement of battery/ refurbishment of buses 328 174
(e) Other provisions 486 526
Total 20,935 16,537
Current
(a) Employee benefit obligations 972 799
(b) Product warranty 11,210 8,273
(c) Third party claims and obligations 1,699 2,028
(d) Emission compliance 1,532 426
(e) Other provisions 418 765
Total 15,831 12,291
(₹ in crores)
For the year ended March 31, 2025
Replacement
Third party claims Emission of battery/
Product warranty
and obligations compliance refurbishment of
buses
Balance at the beginning 21,439 2,028 1,668 174
Provision made/ (reversed) during the year 17,631 2,459 1,963 131
Provision used during the year (13,241) (2,902) (604) -
Impact of unwind of discounting 1,087 - - 23
Impact of foreign exchange translation 1,164 114 130 -
Balance at the end 28,080 1,699 3,157 328
Current 11,210 1,699 1,532 -
Non-current 16,870 - 1,625 328
34 Revenue from operations
(A) Accounting policy
The Company generates revenue principally from –
a) Sale of products – (i) commercial and passenger vehicles and vehicle parts and (ii) Sales of other products -
certain software products and other automotive products.
The Company recognises revenues from sale of products measured at the amount of transaction price (net of
variable consideration), when it satisfies its performance obligation at a point in time which is when products
are delivered to dealers or when delivered to a carrier for export sales, which is when control including risks
and rewards and title of ownership pass to the customer, collectability of the resulting receivables is reasonably
assured and when there are no longer any unfulfilled obligation. The transaction price of goods sold is net of
variable consideration on account of various discounts and schemes offered by the Company as part of the
contract. The Company operates predominantly on cash and carry basis.
The Company offers sales incentives in the form of variable marketing expense to customers, which vary
depending on the timing and customer of any subsequent sale of the vehicle. This sales incentive is accounted for
as a revenue reduction and is constrained to a level that is highly probable not to reverse the amount of revenue
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
361 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
recognised when any associated uncertainty is subsequently resolved. The Company estimates the expected
sales incentive by market and considers uncertainties including competitor pricing, ageing of retailer stock and
local market conditions.
Revenue is recognised on a bill-and-hold basis where vehicles, for example, are sold to the customer but are
retained in the Company’s possession at a vehicle holding compound on behalf of the customer ahead of being
physically transferred to them at a future time. In such arrangements it is ensured that the customer has obtained
the ultimate control of the product.
There are certain vehicles which are being given to the customers along with operations and maintenance of the
same. These are considered as finance leases and accordingly, revenue is recognised at the lease commencement
date at fair value of the leased asset. The cost of sales is reduced for the present value of unguaranteed residual
values. In addition, initial direct costs are recognised as cost of sales at the lease commencement date.
The consideration received in respect of transport arrangements for delivering of vehicles to the customers are
recognised net of their costs within revenues in the income statement.
The Company applies the practical expedient in Ind AS 115 and does not disclose information about remaining
performance obligations that have an original expected duration of one year or less. This is because revenue
resulting from those sales will be recognised in a short-term period. The services included with the vehicle
sale are to be recognised as revenues in subsequent years but represent an insignificant portion of expected
revenues in comparison.
Revenue from sale of vehicles to customers combined with repurchase obligation is recognised over the contract
period as if it were an operating lease contract. This is based on the fact that the customers had not obtained the
control of the vehicle. The related inventory continues to be recognised in the Company’s consolidated balance
sheet. The consideration received from the customers is treated as liability.
b) Sale of services - maintenance service, telematics features and extended warranties for commercial and
passenger vehicles, software support services and insurance broking services.
Income from sale of maintenance services, telematics features and extended warranties, including software
services are recognised as income over the relevant period of service or extended warranty.
When the Company sells products that are bundled with maintenance service or extended period of warranty,
such services are treated as a separate performance obligation only if the service or warranty is in excess of the
standard offerings to the customer. In such cases, the transaction price allocated towards such maintenance
service or extended period of warranty based on relative standalone selling price and is recognised as a contract
liability until the service obligation has been met. The price that is regularly charged for an item when sold
separately is the best evidence of its standalone selling price. In the absence of such evidence, the primary
method used to estimate standalone selling price is the expected cost plus a margin, under which the Company
estimates the cost of satisfying the performance obligation and then adds an appropriate margin based on
similar services.
The Company operates certain customer loyalty programs under which customer is entitled to reward points
on the spend towards Company’s products. The reward points earned by customers can be redeemed to claim
discounts on future purchase of certain products or services. Transaction price allocated towards reward points
granted to customers is recognized as a deferred income liability and transferred to income when customers
redeem their reward points.
Sales of services include certain performance obligations that are satisfied over a period of time, any amount
received in advance is recorded as contract liability and recognized as revenue when service is rendered to
customers. Refer note 32(a) for ongoing performance obligation. Any amount of income accrued but not billed
to customers in respect of such contracts is recorded as a contract asset. Such contract assets are transferred to
Trade receivables on actual billing to customers.
Refund liabilities comprise of obligation towards customers to pay for discounts and sales incentives.
Vehicle sales do not typically include allowances for returns or refunds, although in some markets there is
legislative requirement. Regarding other goods, where rights of return may be prevalent, the Company estimates
80th Integrated Annual Report
362
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
the level of returns based on the historical data for specific products, adjusted as necessary to estimate returns
for new products. Revenue is not recognised for expected returns - instead the Company recognises a refund
liability and asset where required.
Proceeds from sale of vehicles for which the Company or any of its subsidiaries have retained buy back obligation
in future is recorded as a liability – (i) Proceeds received in excess of agreed buy back price is recognized as
Deferred income liability and (ii) the agreed buy back price is recognized as Buy back liability. Deferred income
liability is recognized as operating lease income on time proportionate basis over date of sale and date of
buy back.
c) Financing revenues - Interest income from financing transactions includes income from leasing of vehicles
to customers.
(B) Revenue from operations
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Sale of products (refer note below)
(i) Vehicles 3,75,928 3,75,685
(ii) Spare parts 38,064 36,274
(iii) Miscellaneous products 13,957 15,008
Total Sale of products 4,27,949 4,26,967
(b) Sale of services 6,736 4,740
Revenue from contract with customers 4,34,685 4,31,707
(c) Financing revenues 48 50
(d) Realised revenue hedges 2,088 (545)
Revenue 4,36,821 4,31,212
(e) Other operating revenues 2,874 2,804
Total Revenue from operations* 4,39,695 4,34,016
Note:
Includes variable marketing expenses netted off against revenue (48,625) (40,056)
*For disaggregation of revenue refer note 45.
35 Other income
(A) Accounting policy
Other income includes export and other recurring and non-recurring incentives from Government (referred as
“incentives”).
Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply with the
relevant conditions and the grant will be received.
Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss, either on a systematic basis when
the Company recognizes, as expenses, the related costs that the grants are intended to compensate or, immediately if
the costs have already been incurred. Government grants related to assets are deferred and amortised over the useful
life of the asset. Government grants related to income are presented as an offset against the related expenditure,
and government grants that are awarded as incentives with no ongoing performance obligations to the Company are
recognised as income in the period in which the grant is received.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
363 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(B) Other income
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Interest income on financial assets carried at ammortised cost 2,473 2,488
(b) Government incentives (refer note below) 3,458 2,971
(c) Profit on sale of investments measured at FVTPL 224 129
(d) Dividend income from investments measured at FVTOCI 64 44
(e) Fair value gain on investments measured at FVTPL 6 24
(f) Fair value gain on contractual financial assets measured at FVTPL 2 -
(g) Gain on interest rate swap - 36
(h) Other deferral income [refer note 8 (a)(ii)] 17 -
Total 6,244 5,692
Note:
I ncentives include exports and other incentives of ₹ 1,021 crores and ₹ 617 crores, for the year ended March 31,
2025 and 2024, respectively and ₹ 2,438 crores and ₹ 2,354 crores, for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024,
respectively received by foreign subsidiaries on Tax credit on qualifying expenditure for research and development.
36 Employee benefit expenses
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Salaries, wages and bonus* 39,786 34,937
(b) Contribution to provident fund and other funds 2,726 2,243
(c) Staff welfare expenses 5,255 4,810
Total 47,767 41,990
Note:
*The amount of ₹ 39 crores and ₹ 43 crores has accrued for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively
towards share based payments.
(A) Share based payments
Accounting policy
The Company recognises compensation expense relating to share based payments in accordance with Ind AS 102
Share-based Payment. Stock options granted by the Company to its employees are accounted as equity settled
options. Accordingly, the estimated fair value of options granted that is determined on the date of grant, is charged
to the consolidated statement of Profit and Loss on a straight line basis over the vesting period of options which is the
requisite service period, with a corresponding increase in equity.
Equity-settled share option plan
i) Tata Motors Limited Employees Stock Option Scheme 2018
During the year 862,318 shares were exercised and allotted under Employee Stock Option Scheme 2018 at an
exercise price of Rs. 345/- per share. The Share price of options during the exercise period was ranging from ₹923
to ₹1,047.
ii) Share-based Long Term Incentive Scheme 2021
The Company has granted Performance Stock Units (“PSUs”) and Employee Stock Options (“ESOs”) to its
employees under the Tata Motors Limited Share-based Long Term Incentive Scheme 2021 (“TML SLTI Scheme
2021” or “Scheme”).
As per the scheme, the number of shares that will vest is conditional upon certain performance measures
determined by NRC. The performance is measured over vesting period of the options granted. The performance
80th Integrated Annual Report
364
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
measures under this scheme include growth in sales, earnings and free cash flow. The options granted under this
scheme is exercisable by employees till one year from date of its vesting. The Company has granted options at
an exercise price of ₹338/- for ESOs and ₹2/- for PSUs. Option granted will vest after 3 years from date of grant.
Number of shares that will vest range from 0.5 to 1.2 per option granted depending on performance measures.
PSUs and ESOs are generally excercisable within one year from the date of vesting.
Year ended March 31, 2025 Year ended March 31, 2024
Reconciliation of outstanding ESOs/PSUs ESOs 2021 PSUs ESOs 2021 PSUs
No of options No of options
(i) Options outstanding exercisable/vesting at the
beginning of the year 7,04,407 24,14,539 7,60,828 15,31,406
(ii) Granted/additional vesting during the year 1,49,107 1,01,697 - 9,86,232
(iii) Forfeited during the year (11,377) (1,18,629) (56,421) (1,03,099)
(iv) Exercised during the year (1,94,204) (6,01,191) - -
(v) O ptions outstanding exercisable/vesting at the
end of the year 6,47,933 17,96,416 7,04,407 24,14,539
(vii) Remaining contractual life 3 Months 26 Months 4 Months 26 Months
Share price for options exercised during the year for ESOP 2021/PSP scheme ranges from ₹621 to ₹1,160.
The Company has estimated fair value of options using Black Scholes model. The following assumptions were
used for calculation of fair value of options granted.
Granted During
Year ended March
Assumption factor 31, 2024
PSUs
Risk free interest rate 6.9%
Expected life of option 4 years
Expected volatility 49.3%
Share price 514.10
Expected volatility during the expected term of the options is based on historical volatility of the observed
market prices of the Company’s publicly-traded equity shares during a period equivalent to the expected term
of the options.
Weighted average equity share price during the exercise period was ₹888.10 per ordinary share.
iii) Share-based Long Term Incentive Scheme 2024
The Company has granted Performance Stock Units (“PSUs”) to its employees under the Tata Motors Limited Share-
based Long Term Incentive Scheme 2024 (“TML SLTI Scheme 2024” or “Scheme”).
As per the scheme, the number of shares that will be vest is conditional upon certain performance measures
determined by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC). The performance is measured over the vesting
period of the options granted. The performance measures under this scheme include growth in sales, earnings and
free cash flow. The options granted under this scheme are exercisable by employees till one year from the date of its
vesting. The Company has granted options at an exercise price of ₹2/- for PSUs. Options granted will vest three years
after the date of grant. The number of shares that will vest range from 0.5 to 1.2 per option granted depending on
performance measures.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
365 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Year ended
March 31, 2025
No. of options
(i) Option outstanding at the beginning of the year -
(ii) Granted during the year 2,99,918
(iii) Forfeited/Expired during the year (8,953)
(iv) Exercised during the year -
(v) Option outstanding at the end of the year 2,90,965
(vi) Remaining contractual life 40 months
The Company has estimated fair value of options using Black Scholes model. The following assumptions were used for
calculation of fair value of options granted.
Granted during
Year ended
Assumption factor March 31, 2025
PSUs
Risk free rate 7.2%
Expected life of option 4 years
Expected volatility 37.9%
Share price 1,143.10
iv) Long Term Incentive Scheme – Jaguar Land Rover (JLR)
During the year ended March 31, 2025, the company introduced a cash-settled Long-Term Incentive Plan (‘LTIP’) for
certain employees. The LTIP is based on the value of phantom shares, which mirror the value of the Tata Motors Ltd
share price, but does not confer any ownership or voting rights. As the LTIP is cash-settled and based on phantom
shares, it is non-dilutive to existing shareholders. The LTIP vests over a three-year period, effective from June 2024.
The scheme will provide a cash payment to certain employees based on the Group’s performance against long-term
business metrics related to performance and strategic priorities and the share price of Tata Motors Limited over a
period of three years. This new LTIP has been accounted for under Ind AS 102 Share-based payments.
Year ended March
31, 2025
No. of options
Options outstanding at the beginning of the year -
Granted during the year 30,92,216
Forfeited during the year (53,972)
Options outstanding at the end of the year 30,38,244
No phantom shares were exercisable as at March 31, 2025.
The fair value of the phantom shares granted under the LTIP is deemed to be materially equivalent to the market value
of the Tata Motors Ltd share price at the current year end. As at March 31, 2025, the fair value of the phantom shares
was ₹673.30.
During the year ended March 31, 2025, ₹ 54 crores was recorded as an expense in Employee Costs in relation to the
LTIP. The fair value of the balance sheet liability in respect of the LTIP at March 31, 2025 was ₹ 54 crores.
(B) Employee benefits
(a) Accounting policy
Pension plans
Jaguar Land Rover operate defined benefit pension plans for certain of its subsidiaries, which are contracted
out of the second state pension scheme until April 5, 2016. The assets of the plan are held in separate trustee
administered funds. The plans provide for monthly pension after retirement as per salary drawn and service
period as set out in rules of each fund.
80th Integrated Annual Report
366
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Contributions to the plans by the Jaguar Land Rover subsidiaries take into consideration the results of actuarial
valuations. The plans with a surplus position at the year-end have been limited to the maximum economic benefit
available from unconditional rights to refund from the scheme or reduction in future contributions. Where the
subsidiary group is considered to have a contractual obligation to fund the pension plan above the accounting
value of the liabilities, an onerous obligation is recognised. A separate defined contribution plan is available to
employees of Jaguar Land Rover. Costs in respect of this plan are charged to the consolidated statement of profit
and loss as incurred.
Gratuity
Tata Motors Limited and its subsidiaries and joint operations in India have an obligation towards gratuity, a
defined benefit retirement plan covering eligible employees. The plan provides for a lump sum payment to
vested employees at retirement, death while in employment or on termination of employment of an amount
equivalent to 15 to 30 days salary payable for each completed year of service. Vesting occurs upon completion
of five years of service. Tata Motors Limited and such subsidiaries make annual contributions to gratuity funds
established as trusts or insurance companies. Tata Motors Limited and its subsidiaries in India account for the
liability for gratuity benefits payable in the future based on an actuarial valuation.
Bhavishya Kalyan Yojana (BKY)
Bhavishya Kalyan Yojana is an unfunded defined benefit plan for employees of Tata Motors Limited and some
of its subsidiaries. The benefits of the plan include pension in certain cases, payable up to the date of normal
superannuation had the employee been in service, to an eligible employee at the time of death or permanent
disablement, while in service, either as a result of an injury or as certified by the appropriate authority. The
monthly payment to dependents of the deceased/disabled employee under the plan equals 50% of the salary
drawn at the time of death or accident or a specified amount, whichever is greater. Tata Motors Limited and
these subsidiaries account for the liability for BKY benefits payable in the future based on an actuarial valuation.
Provident fund and family pension
In accordance with Indian law, eligible employees of Tata Motors Limited, it’s Indian subsidiaries and joint
operations are entitled to receive benefits in respect of provident fund, a defined contribution plan, in which
both employees and the Company make monthly contributions at a specified percentage of the covered
employees’ salary (currently 12% of employees’ salary). The contributions, as specified under the law, were
made to the provident fund and pension fund set up as an irrevocable trust or to respective Regional Provident
Fund Commissioner and the Central Provident Fund under the State Pension scheme. The interest rate, payable
to the members of the trust, was not to be lower than the statutory rate of interest declared by the Central
Government under the Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 and shortfall, if any,
was made good by the Company. The embedded interest rate guarantee is considered to be defined benefit.
Severance indemnity
Tata Daewoo Mobility Company Limited (formerly known as Tata Daewoo Commercial Vehicle Company Limited),
or TDMCL, a subsidiary company incorporated in Korea; has an obligation towards severance indemnity, a
defined benefit retirement plan, covering eligible employees. The plan provides for a lump sum payment to all
employees with more than one year of employment equivalent to 30 days’ salary payable for each completed
year of service.
Post-retirement medicare scheme
Under this unfunded scheme, employees of Tata Motors Limited and some of its subsidiaries receive medical
benefits subject to certain limits on amounts of benefits, periods after retirement and types of benefits,
depending on their grade and location at the time of retirement. Employees separated from the Company as part
of an Early Separation Scheme, on medical grounds or due to permanent disablement are also covered under
the scheme. Tata Motors Limited account for liability for post-retirement medical scheme based on actuarial
valuation. The scheme is applicable to employees existing as at December 31, 2023.
Tata Motors Limited and such subsidiaries account for the liability for post-retirement medical scheme based on
an actuarial valuation.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
367 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Compensated absences
Tata Motors Limited and some of its subsidiaries and joint operations provide for the encashment of leave or
leave with pay subject to certain rules. The employees are entitled to accumulate leave subject to certain limits,
for future encashment. The liability is provided based on the number of days of unutilised leave at each balance
sheet date on the basis of an actuarial valuation
Remeasurement gains and losses
Remeasurement comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling and the return on assets
(excluding interest) relating to retirement benefit plans, are recognised directly in other comprehensive income
in the period in which they arise. Remeasurement recorded in other comprehensive income is not reclassified to
consolidated statement of profit and loss. Actuarial gains and losses relating to long-term employee benefits are
recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss in the period in which they arise.
Measurement date
The measurement date of retirement plans is March 31.
The present value of the defined benefit liability and the related current service cost and past service cost are
measured using projected unit credit method.
The present value of the post-employment benefit obligations depends on a number of factors, it is determined
on an actuarial basis using a number of assumptions. The assumptions used in determining the net cost/(income)
for pensions include the discount rate, inflation and mortality assumptions. Any changes in these assumptions
will impact upon the carrying amount of post-employment benefit obligations.
(B) Employee benefits consist following :
Defined Benefit Plan
Pension (Gratuity and BKY) and post retirement medicare scheme
The following table sets out the funded and unfunded status and the amounts recognized in the financial
statements for the pension and the post retirement medical plans in respect of Tata Motors, its Indian subsidiaries
and joint operations:
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Change in defined benefit obligations :
Defined benefit obligation, beginning of the
year 1,946 1,736 470 381
Defined benefit obligation for
superannuation - (19) - -
Current service cost 138 124 22 16
Net Interest cost 129 120 32 26
Remeasurements (gains) / losses
Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from
changes in demographic assumptions (16) 6 (39) 10
Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from
changes in financial assumptions 64 38 14 73
Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from
changes in experience adjustments 23 45 (6) (22)
Benefits paid from plan assets (89) (100) - -
Benefits paid directly by employer (13) (10) (15) (18)
Past service cost - Plan amendment - 5 130 4
Acquisition - 1 - -
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance
Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (53) - - -
Defined benefit obligation, end of the year 2,129 1,946 608 470
80th Integrated Annual Report
368
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets, beginning of the
year 1,674 1,513 - -
Defined benefit obligation for superannuation - (24) - -
Acquisition - 1 - -
Interest income 112 105 - -
Return on plan assets, (excluding amount
included in net Interest cost) 37 33 - -
Employer’s contributions 234 146 - -
Benefits paid (89) (100) - -
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance
Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (47) - - -
Fair value of plan assets, end of the year 1,921 1,674 - -
Amount recognized in the balance sheet consists of:
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
As at March 31, As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Amount recognized in the balance sheet
consists of:
Present value of defined benefit obligation 2,129 1,946 608 470
Fair value of plan assets 1,921 1,674 - -
Net liability (208) (272) (608) (470)
Amounts in the balance sheet:
Non–current assets 68 18 - -
Non–current liabilities (22) (40) - -
Non-current provisions (254) (251) (608) (470)
Net liability (208) (273) (608) (470)
Information for funded plans with a defined benefit obligation in excess of plan assets:
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Defined benefit obligation 215 254
Fair value of plan assets 193 214
Information for funded plans with a defined benefit obligation less than plan assets:
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Defined benefit obligation 1,660 1,442
Fair value of plan assets 1,728 1,460
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
369 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Information for unfunded plans:
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
As at March 31, As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Defined benefit obligation 254 251 608 470
Net pension and post retirement medical cost consist of the following components:
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Current service cost 138 124 22 16
Net interest cost 17 15 32 26
Past service cost - Plan amendment - 5 130 4
Net periodic cost 155 144 184 46
Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligation recognised in other comprehensive
income:
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Remeasurements
Return on plan assets, (excluding amount
included in net Interest expense) (37) (33) - -
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from
changes in demographic assumptions (16) 6 (39) 10
Actuarial losses arising from changes in
financial assumptions 64 38 14 73
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from
changes in experience adjustments on plan
liabilities 23 45 (6) (22)
Total recognized in other comprehensive
income 34 56 (31) 61
Total recognized in consolidated
statement of comprehensive income 189 200 153 107
The assumptions used in accounting for the pension and post retirement medical plans are set out below:
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
As at As at As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Discount rate 6.7% 7.0% - 7.2% 6.8% 7.0%
Level of covered employees 6%-10% 6% - 10% NA NA
Increase in health care cost NA NA 7.0% 7.0%
80th Integrated Annual Report
370
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Plan assets
The fair value of Company’s pension plan asset as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 by category are as follows:
Pension Benefits
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Asset category:
Cash and cash equivalents 10.9% 6.7%
Debt instruments (quoted) 60.8% 65.0%
Equity instruments (quoted) 10.5% 10.4%
Deposits with Insurance companies 17.8% 17.9%
100.0% 100.0%
The Company’s policy is driven by considerations of maximizing returns while ensuring credit quality of the
debt instruments. The asset allocation for plan assets is determined based on investment criteria prescribed
under the Indian Income Tax Act, 1961, and is also subject to other exposure limitations. The Company evaluates
the risks, transaction costs and liquidity for potential investments. To measure plan asset performance, the
Company compares actual returns for each asset category with published bench marks.
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation as at March 31, 2025 is 9.2 years (2024 : 9.74
years)
The Company expects to contribute ₹ 46 crores to the funded pension plans in the year ending March 31, 2026.
The table below outlines the effect on the service cost, the interest cost and the defined benefit obligation in the
event of a decrease/increase of 1% in the assumed rate of discount rate, salary escalation and health care cost:
Impact on defined benefit Impact on service cost and
Assumption Change in assumption
obligation interest cost
Discount rate Increase by 1% Decrease by ₹ 224 crores Decrease by ₹ 68 crores
Decrease by 1% Increase by ₹ 191 crores Increase by ₹ 70 crores
Salary escalation rate Increase by 1% Increase by ₹ 159 crores Increase by ₹ 72 crores
Decrease by 1% Decrease by ₹ 142 crores Decrease by ₹ 64 crores
Health care cost Increase by 1% Increase by ₹ 88 crores Increase by ₹ 0 crores
Decrease by 1% Decrease by ₹ 71 crores Decrease by ₹ 0 crores
Provident Fund
The following tables set out the funded status of the defined benefit provident fund plan of a Joint Operation and the
amounts recognized in the Company’s financial statements.
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Change in benefit obligations :
Defined benefit obligation, beginning of the year 153 135
Service cost 6 6
Employee contribution 9 9
Transfer in - 2
Interest expense 11 10
Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities (1) 1
Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from changes in financial assumptions 6 (3)
Benefits paid (6) (7)
Acquisition credit/ cost (3) -
Defined benefit obligation, end of the year 175 153
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
371 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning 153 130
Acquisition Adjustment (3) -
Transfer in - 2
Interest income 11 10
Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest income 5 3
Contributions (employer and employee) 15 15
Benefits paid (6) (7)
Fair value of plan assets, end of the year 175 153
Amount recognised in the balance sheet consists of:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Present value of defined benefit obligation 175 153
Fair value of plan assets 175 153
Net liability - -
Amounts in the balance sheet:
Non- current liabilities - -
Net periodic cost for Provident Fund consist of the following components:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current Service cost 6 6
Net interestcost - -
Net periodic cost 6 6
Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligation recognised in other comprehensive income.
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Remeasurements
Return on plan assets, (excluding amount included in net Interest expense) (5) (3)
Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities (1) 1
Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from changes in financial assumptions 6 (3)
Total recognised in other comprehensive income - (5)
Total recognised in statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income 6 1
The assumptions used in determining the present value obligation of the Provident Fund is set out below:
As at As at
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Discount rate 6.8% 7.2%
Expected rate of return on plan assets 8.3% 8.9%
Remaining term to maturity of portfolio (years) 13.00 13.00
80th Integrated Annual Report
372
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
The breakup of the plan assets into various categories is as follows:
As at As at
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Government debt instruments 45.5% 46.4%
Other debt instruments 37.0% 37.9%
Equity instruments 0.2% 11.3%
Others 17.3% 4.4%
Total 100.0% 100.0%
The asset allocation for plan assets is determined based on investment criteria prescribed under the
relevant regulations.
As at March 31, 2025, the defined benefit obligation would be affected by approximately ₹ 17 crores on account of a
1.00% decrease in the expected rate of return on plan assets.
The Company expects to contribute ₹ 22 crores to the defined benefit provident fund during the year ending March
31, 2026.
Severance indemnity plan
Severance indemnity is a funded plan of Tata Daewoo Mobility Company Limited (formerly known as Tata Daewoo
Commercial Vehicle Limited) (TDMCL), a subsidiary of Tata Motors Limited.
The following table sets out, the amounts recognized in the financial statements for the severance indemnity plan.
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Change in defined benefit obligations :
Defined benefit obligation, beginning of the year 409 409
Current Service cost 47 53
Interest cost 13 14
Remeasurements (gains) / losses
Actuarial losses arising from changes in financial assumptions 38 (37)
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan
liabilities 7 (8)
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in demographic assumptions - (3)
Benefits paid from plan assets (8) (10)
Benefits paid directly by employer (1) -
Foreign currency translation (30) (9)
Defined benefit obligation, end of the year 475 409
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets, beginning of the year 417 386
Interest income 15 14
Remeasurements (loss)
Return on plan assets, (excluding amount included in net Interest expense) (2) (2)
Employer’s contributions 47 38
Benefits paid (8) (10)
Foreign currency translation (29) (9)
Fair value of plan assets, end of the year 440 417
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
373 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Amount recognized in the balance sheet consists of:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Present value of defined benefit obligation 475 409
Fair value of plan assets 440 417
Net asset/ (liability) (35) 8
Amounts in the balance sheet:
Non- current assets - 16
Non- current liabilities (24) (8)
Non-current provisions (11) -
Net asset/ (liability) (35) 8
Information for funded plans with a defined benefit obligation in excess of plan assets:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Defined benefit obligation 464 401
Fair value of plan assets 440 417
Information for unfunded plans
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Defined benefit obligation 11 8
Fair value of plan assets - -
Net severance indemnity cost consist of the following components:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Service cost 47 53
Net interest cost (2) -
Net periodic pension cost 45 53
Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligation recognized in other comprehensive income for
severance indemnity plan:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Remeasurements (gains)/losses
Return on plan assets, (excluding amount included in net Interest expense) 2 2
Actuarial (gains)/ losses arising from changes in financial assumptions 38 (37)
Actuarial (gains)/ losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities 7 (8)
Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from changes in demographic assumptions - (3)
Total recognized in other comprehensive income 47 (46)
Total recognized in statement of operations and other comprehensive income 92 7
80th Integrated Annual Report
374
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
The assumptions used in accounting for the Severance indemnity plan is set out below:
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Discount rate 2.7% 3.4%
Rate of increase in compensation level of covered employees 3.2% 3.0%
The table below outlines the effect on the service cost, the interest cost and the defined benefit obligation in the
event of a decrease/increase of 1% in the assumed rate of discount rate, salary escalation rate:
Impact on service cost and
Assumption Change in assumption Impact on scheme liabilities
interest cost
Discount rate Increase by 1% Decrease by ₹ 41 crores Decrease by ₹ 11 crores
Decrease by 1% Increase by ₹ 46 crores Increase by ₹ 12 crores
Salary escalation rate Increase by 1% Increase by ₹ 46 crores Increase by ₹ 13 crores
Decrease by 1% Decrease by ₹ 41 crores Decrease by ₹ 11 crores
Severance indemnity plans asset allocation by category is as follows:
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Deposit with banks 100% 100%
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation as at March 31, 2025 is 9.2 years (2024 : 10 years)
The Company expects to contribute ₹ 11 crores to the funded severance indemnity plans in the year ending March
31, 2026.
Jaguar Land Rover Pension plan
Jaguar Land Rover Ltd UK, have pension arrangements providing employees with defined benefits related to pay and
service as set out in the rules of each fund.
The UK defined benefit schemes are administered by a separate fund that is legally separated from the Company.
The trustees of the pension schemes are required by law to act in the interest of the fund and of all relevant
stakeholders in the scheme, is responsible for the investment policy with regard to the assets of the schemes and
all other governance matters. The board of trustees must be composed of representatives of the Company and plan
participants in accordance with the plan’s regulations.
Through its defined benefit pension plans the Company is exposed to a number of risks, the most significant of which
are detailed below :
Asset volatility
The plan liabilities are calculated using a discount rate set with references to corporate bond yields; if plan assets
under perform compared to the corporate bonds discount rate, this will create or increase a deficit. The defined
benefit plans hold a significant proportion of equity type assets, which are expected to outperform corporate bonds
in the long-term while providing volatility and risk in the short-term.
As the plans mature, the Company intends to reduce the level of investment risk by investing more in assets that
better match the liabilities.
However, the Company believes that due to the long-term nature of the plan liabilities and the strength of the
supporting group, a level of continuing equity type investments is an appropriate element of the Company’s long
term strategy to manage the plans efficiently.
Changes in bond yields
A decrease in corporate bond yields will increase plan liabilities, although this is expected to be partially offset by an
increase in the value of the plans’ bond holdings and interest rate hedging instruments.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
375 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Inflation risk
Some of the Company’s pension obligations are linked to inflation, and higher inflation will lead to higher liabilities
(although, in most cases, caps on the level of inflationary increases are in place to protect the plan against high
inflation). The plans hold a significant proportion of assets in index linked gilts, together with other inflation hedging
instruments and also assets which are more closely correlated with inflation. However an increase in inflation will also
increase the deficit to some degree.
Life expectancy
The majority of the plan’s obligations are to provide benefits for the life of the member, so increases in life expectancy
will result in an increase in the plan’s liabilities. This is particularly significant in the UK defined benefit plans, where
inflationary increases result in higher sensitivity to changes in life expectancy.
The following table sets out the disclosure pertaining to employee benefits of Jaguar Land Rover Limited
(₹ in crores)
Pension benefits
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Change in defined benefit obligation:
Defined benefit obligation, beginning of the year 53,611 51,725
Service cost 712 656
Interest cost 2,729 2,466
Remeasurements (gains) / losses
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in demographic assumptions (529) (229)
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in financial assumptions (5,404) (1,524)
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan 453 884
liabilities
Benefits paid (2,384) (2,102)
Member contributions 11 10
Foreign currency translation 2,770 1,725
Defined benefit obligation, end of the year 51,969 53,611
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets, beginning of the year 56,525 58,206
Interest Income 2,912 2,809
Remeasurements gains / (losses)
Return on plan assets, (excluding amount included in net Interest expense) (5,555) (5,088)
Employer’s contributions 831 895
Members contributions 11 10
Benefits paid (2,384) (2,102)
Administrative Expenses (97) (104)
Foreign currency translation 2,943 1,899
Fair value of plan assets, end of the year 55,186 56,525
The actual loss on the schemes’ assets for the year ended March 31, 2025 was ₹ 2,712 crores (2024: ₹ 2,279 crores).
Amount recognized in the balance sheet consist of:
(₹ in crores)
Pension benefits
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Present value of defined benefit obligation 51,969 53,611
Fair value of plan Assets 55,186 56,525
Net Assets 3,217 2,914
Amount recognized in the balance sheet consist of:
Non- current assets 3,462 3,151
Non -current liabilities (245) (237)
Net Assets 3,217 2,914
80th Integrated Annual Report
376
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Net pension and post retirement cost consist of the following components:
(₹ in crores)
Pension benefits
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current service cost 712 656
Administrative expenses 97 104
Net interest cost (Including onerous obligations) (183) (343)
Net periodic pension cost 626 417
Amount recognized in other comprehensive income
(₹ in crores)
Pension benefits
Particulars Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Actuarial (gains) / losses arising from changes in demographic assumptions (529) (229)
Actuarial (gains)/ losses arising from changes in financial assumptions (5,404) (1,524)
Actuarial losses arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities 453 884
Return on plan assets, (excluding amount included in net Interest expense) 5,555 5,088
Total recognized in other comprehensive income 75 4,219
Total recognized in statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income 701 4,636
The assumptions used in accounting for the pension plans are set out below:
Pension benefits
Particulars As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Discount rate 5.8% 5.1%
Expected rate of increase in benefit revaluation of covered employees 1.9% 1.9%
CPI Inflation rate (capped at 5.0% p.a) 2.5% 2.5%
CPI Inflation rate (capped at 2.5% p.a) 1.8% 1.7%
RPI Inflation rate 2.9% 3.0%
For the valuation at March 31, 2025, the mortality assumptions used are the Self-Administered Pension Schemes
(‘SAPS’) mortality base table, S2PxA tables (“Light” tables for members of the Jaguar Executive Pension Plan).
(i) For the Jaguar Pension Plan, scaling factors of 97% to 115% have been used for male members and scaling factors
of 102% to 116% have been used for female members.
(ii) For the Land Rover Pension Scheme, scaling factors of 103% to 112% have been used for male members and
scaling factors of 100% to 115% have been used for female members.
(iii) For the Jaguar Executive Pension Plan, scaling factors of 92% to 99% have been used for male members and
scaling factors of 92% to 98% have been used for female members.
For the valuation at March 31, 2024, the mortality assumptions used were the SAPS mortality base table, S2PxA tables
(“Light” tables for members of the Jaguar Executive Pension Plan).
(i) For the Jaguar Pension Plan, scaling factors of 95% to 111% have been used for male members and scaling factors
of 90% to 113% have been used for female members.
(ii) For the Land Rover Pension Scheme, scaling factors of 101% to 109% have been used for male members and
scaling factors of 97% to 111% have been used for female members.
(iii) For the Jaguar Executive Pension Plan, scaling factors of 87% to 93% have been used for male members and
scaling factors of 86% to 92% have been used for female members.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
377 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
For the 2025 year end calculations there is an allowance for future improvements in line with the CMI (2023) projections
and an allowance for long-term improvements of 1.25% per annum and a smoothing parameter of 7.0, default core
initial improvements parameter (A) of zero and annual weight parameter for both 2020 and 2021 of zero and 15%
weighting for 2023. (2024: CMI (2022) projections with 1.25% per annum improvements and a smoothing parameter
of 7.0).
The assumed life expectations on retirement at age 65 are (years)
Pension benefits
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Retiring today :
Males 21.0 21.0
Females 23.4 23.5
Retiring in 20 years :
Males 22.4 22.5
Females 25.3 25.4
Pension plans asset allocation by category is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31,2025 As at March 31, 2024
Quoted Unquoted Total Quoted Unquoted Total
Equity Instruments
Information Technology - 576 576 - 840 840
Energy - 89 89 - 116 116
Manufacturing - 487 487 - 630 630
Financials - 664 664 - 273 273
Others - 1,539 1,539 - 1,145 1,145
- 3,355 3,355 - 3,004 3,004
Debt Instruments
Government 23,882 (9,544) 14,338 21,572 (5,871) 15,701
Corporate Bonds (Investment Grade) 9,234 1,617 10,851 9,589 1,544 11,133
Corporate Bonds (Non Investment
Grade) - 6,001 6,001 - 5,461 5,461
33,116 (1,926) 31,190 31,161 1,134 32,295
Property Funds
UK - 3,565 3,565 - 3,529 3,529
Other - 2,447 2,447 - 2,773 2,773
- 6,012 6,012 - 6,302 6,302
Cash and cash equivalents 3,831 - 3,831 4,233 - 4,233
Other
Private Markets - 9,126 9,126 - 9,095 9,095
Alternatives - 1,705 1,705 - 1,586 1,586
- 10,831 10,831 - 10,681 10,681
Derivatives
Foreign exchange contracts - - - - (63) (63)
Interest Rate and inflation swaps - (33) (33) - 73 73
- (33) (33) - 10 10
Total 36,947 18,239 55,186 35,394 21,131 56,525
80th Integrated Annual Report
378
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
As at March 31, 2025, the schemes held Gilt Repos. The net value of these transactions is included in the value of
government bonds in the table above. The value of the funding obligation for the Repo transactions is ₹ 10,683 crores
as at March 31, 2025 (2024: ₹ 7,331 crores).
JLR assigns an accounting level (1, 2 or 3) to asset holdings in order to reflect the level of judgement involved in the
valuation of an asset. In assigning the level JLR balances consistency between asset holdings, consistency from year
to year and manager/other assessments. JLR designates level 1 to direct holdings of liquid assets where an active
market exists.
Custodian accounts where underlying assets are regularly traded or where comparable assets have traded values
are designated level 2, for example derivatives (including net value of swaps) and some property holdings. Assets
which are not designated as level 1 or 2 are designated as level 3. Level 1 assets are reported as quoted, level 2 and 3
unquoted. Repo obligations are noted separately.
Private Equity holdings have been measured using the most recent valuations, adjusted for cash and currency
movements between the last valuation date and March 31, 2025. Given the movements in listed equity markets, the
valuation of Private Equity holdings may vary significantly. The value of the Private Equity holdings in the JLR UK Plans
included above is ₹ 13,284 crores as at March 31, 2025 (2024: ₹ 7,184 crores).
The sensitivity analysis below is based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In
practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the
sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to significant actuarial assumptions the same methods (present value of
the defined benefit obligation calculated with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period) has
been applied as when calculating the pension liability recognised within the consolidated balance sheet.
The methods and types of assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis did not change compared to
previous periods.
Assumption Change in assumption Impact on scheme liabilities Impact on service cost
Discount rate Increase/Decrease by 0.25% Decrease/ Increase by ₹ 1,621 crores Decrease/ Increase by ₹ 22 crores
Inflation rate Increase/Decrease by 0.25% Increase/Decrease by ₹ 928 crores Increase/Decrease by ₹ 11 crores
Mortality rate Increase/Decrease by 1 year Increase/Decrease by ₹ 1,509 crores Increase/Decrease by ₹ 11 crores
In June 2023, the High Court handed down a decision in the case of Virgin Media Limited v NTL Pension Trustees II
Limited and others relating to the validity of certain historical pension changes due to the lack of actuarial confirmation
required by law. In July 2024, the Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal brought by Virgin Media Ltd against aspects of
the June 2023 decision. The conclusions reached by the court in this case may have implications for other UK defined
benefit plans including JLR schemes. The Company and pension trustees are currently considering the implications of
the case for the JLR UK defined benefit schemes. The defined benefit obligation has been calculated on the basis of
the pension benefits currently being administered, and at this stage the directors do not consider it necessary to make
any adjustments as a result of the Virgin Media case, however as further information emerges over the coming year
JLR will review whether and to what extent there are changes in its liabilities
JLR has taken legal advice considering the documentation of the UK schemes and the regulatory environment. This
confirmed the recoverability of any surplus in the scheme via reduced future contributions or settlement and JLR has
based its accounting judgement on this advice.
The average duration of the benefit obligation at March 31, 2025 is 12.8 years (2024: 14.2 years).
The expected net periodic pension cost for the year ended March 31, 2026 is expected to be ₹ 476 crores. JLR expects
to pay ₹ 399 crores to its defined benefit schemes, in total, for the year ended March 31, 2026.
Defined contribution plan
The Company’s contribution to defined contribution plans aggregated ₹ 1,919 crores and ₹ 1,708 crores for years
ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
379 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
37 Finance costs
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Interest on borrowing 5,037 6,089
Interest on lease liabilities 739 703
Unwinding of discount on provisions/ liabilities 1,110 750
Total 6,886 7,542
Less: Interest capitalised* (2,409) (1,020)
4,477 6,522
(b) Discounting charges 606 1,072
Total 5,083 7,594
*Represents borrowing costs capitalized during the period on qualifying assets (property plant and equipment and product
development).
The weighted average rate for capitalization of interest relating to general borrowings was approximately 6.85% and 6.59%
for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
38 (i) Amount transferred to capital and other accounts
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Intangible asset under development (20,622) (16,508)
(b) Product development/Engineering expenses (10,108) (9,817)
(c) Capital work in progress (375) (433)
Total (31,105) (26,758)
38 (ii) Product development/engineering expenses
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Product development costs capitalised 24,455 18,620
(b) Product development costs expensed 10,716 10,959
Total product development costs incurred 35,171 29,579
39 Other expenses
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Warranty and product liability expenses* 16,478 13,586
(b) Freight, transportation, port charges etc. 9,083 8,889
(c) Publicity 10,697 9,220
(d) Information Technology (IT) related/Computer expenses 6,471 5,627
(e) Engineering expense 8,191 7,716
(f) Processing charges 1,966 2,005
(g) Consumption of stores and spare parts 2,185 2,098
(h) Power and fuel 2,443 2,189
(i) MTM (gain)/loss on commodity derivatives (net) (162) 1,531
(j) Allowances for trade and other receivables 63 163
(k) Works operation and other expenses (refer note below) 27,984 24,174
Total 85,399 77,198
* Net of estimated recovery from suppliers (712) (604)
80th Integrated Annual Report
380
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Works operations and other expenses
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Auditors’ remuneration
(i) Audit fees 119 109
(ii) Tax Audit fees 2 1
(iii) Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report Audit 1 -
(iv) All other fees 3 1
Total 125 111
(b) Remuneration payable to non-executive independent directors aggregating ₹ 8 crores (₹ 6 crores for the year ended
March 31, 2024). Remuneration for financial year ending March 31, 2025, is less than 1% of profits as per section 198
of the Companies Act, 2013, and as approved by the shareholders in its meeting on July 30, 2019.
40 Exceptional Items
Exceptional items are those that, due to their size, nature, or occurrence, are disclosed separately in the consolidated
financial statements. These items, which are included in the statement of profit or loss, are listed below:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Provision for employee pension scheme (refer note below) 165 762
(b) Employee separation cost 275 87
(c) Impairment of property, plant and equipment and provision for intangible assets under
development 31 102
(d) Reversal of cost recognised for Reimagine Strategy at JLR (101) -
(e) Past Service Cost - Post retirement medicare 130 -
(f) Reversal provision for Russia market (42) -
(g) Reversal of restructuring cost (31) -
(h) Acquistion / demerger expenses 93 (12)
(i) Provision for onerous contracts 30 -
Total exceptional loss/ (gain) 550 939
Notes:
Tata Motors Limited (the “Company”) in October 2019 had by way of an application, addressed to the Employee Provident
Fund Organization (“EPFO”), offered to surrender its exempted Pension fund. Subsequently, the Company incurred losses for
three consecutive years (during FY 2019-20, 2020-21 & 2021-22), thereby calling for an automatic cancellation/ withdrawal
of pension fund exemption. On November 4, 2022, the Hon’ble Supreme Court ruled that those who were members of
a statutory pension fund as on September 1, 2014, can exercise a joint option with their employer to contribute to their
Pension fund beyond the statutory limit and be eligible to draw a higher pension calculated based on last 5 years average
salary. The Company accepted and approved the applications filed by its employees for joint option to contribute on higher
salary on the EPFO’s portal.
As per the actuarial valuation, an additional provision of ₹ 165 crores have been made for pension on higher salary during
the year ended March 31, 2025. EPFO, however, redirected a few of such Joint Applications to the Company’s Pension Trust.
Considering this, along with the fact that there was no positive movement towards the conclusion of the surrender process
of the pension fund, the Company filed a Writ Petition with Hon’ble Delhi High Court (“Court”) for seeking directions to
EPFO to immediately start administering TML’s Pension Fund. The trade unions have also filed another Writ Petition for
expediting the transfer of pension fund corpus and accepting the Joint Applications of the employees.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
381 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
EPFO in December 2024, sent a recommendation to the Government of India for cancellation of the Company’s pension
exemption, subject to fulfilment of certain conditions. The parties had series of meetings to channelize the migration of
members data to EPFO’s unified portal, prominently the joint meetings in April 2025, of which the duly signed minutes were
filed in the Court on May 1, 2025. It has been agreed in the said minutes that EPFO will provide a facility on the Unified
Portal for the Company to migrate the members’ data on EPFO’s portal. The Company will start contribution in statutory
pension fund w.e.f. wage month of July 2025. Pension Trust will transfer the liability towards normal pension valuation
carried by EPFO. The Court took the above minutes on its records and fixed the matter on July 23, 2025 for implementation
of same as per timelines agreed in the minutes.
41 Commitments and contingencies
In the ordinary course of business, the Company faces claims and assertions by various parties. The Company assesses
such claims and assertions and monitors the legal environment on an ongoing basis, with the assistance of external legal
counsel, wherever necessary. The Company records a liability for any claims where a potential loss is probable and capable
of being estimated and discloses such matters in its financial statements, if material. For potential losses that are considered
possible, but not probable, the Company provides disclosure in the financial statements but does not record a liability in its
accounts unless the loss becomes probable.
The following is a description of claims and assertions where a potential loss is possible, but not probable. The Company
believes that none of the contingencies described below would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. Also, amounts below excludes consequential interest and penalty, if any.
Litigation
The Company is involved in legal proceedings, both as plaintiff and as defendant. There are claims which the Company does
not believe to be of material nature, other than those described below.
Income Tax
The Company has ongoing disputes with income tax authorities relating to tax treatment of certain items. These mainly
include disallowed expenses, the tax treatment of certain expenses claimed by the Company as deductions and the
computation of, or eligibility of, the Company’s use of certain tax incentives or allowances.
Most of these disputes and/or disallowances, being repetitive in nature, have been raised by the income tax authorities
consistently in most of the years.
‘The Company has a right of appeal to the Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals), or CIT (A), the Dispute Resolution Panel,
or DRP, and to the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, or ITAT, against adverse decisions by the assessing officer, DRP or CIT (A),
as applicable. The income tax authorities have similar rights of appeal to the ITAT against adverse decisions by the CIT (A)
or DRP. The Company has a further right of appeal to the Bombay High Court or the Hon’ble Supreme Court against adverse
decisions by the appellate authorities for matters involving substantial question of law. The income tax authorities have
similar rights of appeal.
As at March 31, 2025, contingent liabilities towards matters and/or disputes pending in appeal amount to ₹ 919 crores,
which includes ₹ 10 crores in respect of equity accounted investees (₹ 803 crores, which includes ₹ 6 crores in respect of
equity accounted investees as at March 31, 2024).
Customs, Excise Duty and Service Tax
As at March 31, 2025, there are pending litigations for various matters relating to customs, excise duty and service
tax involving demands, including interest and penalties, of ₹ 475 crores, which includes ₹ 3 crores in respect of equity
accounted investees (₹ 412 crores, which includes ₹ 4 crores in respect of equity accounted investees as at March 31, 2024).
These demands challenged the basis of valuation of the Company’s products and denied the Company’s claims of Central
Value Added Tax, or CENVAT, credit on inputs. There are no demands of more than ₹ 100 crores as at March 31, 2025.
Sales Tax
The total sales tax demands (including interest and penalty), that are being contested by the Company amount to ₹ 571
crores, which includes ₹ 10 crores in respect of equity accounted investees as at March 31, 2025 (₹ 987 crores, which
includes ₹ 10 crores in respect of equity accounted investees, as at March 31, 2024). The details of the demands for more
than ₹100 crores are as follows:
80th Integrated Annual Report
382
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
The Sales Tax Authorities have raised demand of ₹ 123 crores (₹ 227 crores as at March 31, 2024) towards rejection of certain
statutory forms for concessional lower/nil tax rate on technical grounds and few other issues such as late submission, single
form issued against different months / quarters dispatches / sales, etc. and denial of exemption from tax in absence of
proof of export for certain years The Company has contended that the benefit cannot be denied on technicalities, which
are being complied with. The matter is pending at various levels.
The Sales Tax authorities have denied input tax credit and levied interest and penalty thereon due to varied reasons
aggregating to ₹ 196 crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹ 250 crores as at March 31, 2024). The reasons for disallowing credit
was mainly due to Taxes not paid by Vendors, incorrect method of calculation of set off as per the department, alleging
suppression of sales as per the department etc. The matter is contested in appeal.
Other Taxes and Dues
Other amounts for which the Company may contingently be liable aggregate to ₹ 788 crores, which includes ₹ 4 crores in
respect of equity accounted investees as at March 31, 2025 (₹ 751 crores, which includes ₹ 8 crores in respect of equity
accounted investees, as at March 31, 2024).
As at March 31, 2025, property tax amounting to ₹ 176 crores (₹ 169 crores as at March 31, 2024) has been demanded by
the local municipal authorities in respect of vacant land of the Company in the plant in Pimpri ((including residential land),
Chinchwad and Chikali Pune. The Company had filed Special Leave Petition (SLP) before the Supreme Court against an
unfavorable decision of the Bombay High Court. The Hon’ble Supreme Court had disposed of the SLP and remanded the
matter back to the local municipal corporation for fresh adjudication. After fresh hearing, the municipal authority again
passed the same order as it had passed earlier, which the Company has challenged before the Civil Court. The Civil Court
has passed an injunction order restraining the municipal authority from taking any action of recovery.
As at March 31, 2025, the office of District Transport Officer, Government of Jharkhand has raised demand of ₹341 crores
(₹ 220 crores as at March 31, 2024) towards temporary registration fee and short payment of road tax for FY21-22, FY22-23
and FY23-24. Out of this, the disputed amount of ₹12 crores has been already paid by the company. Further, he company
is expecting an additional demand of ₹87 crores for FY24-25 (₹119 crores for FY23-24) from the authority. The Company
believes it has a good case on merits to contest the matter and hence ₹416 crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹ 340 crores as at
March 31, 2024) has been disclosed as contingent liability.
Other claims
There are other claims against the Company, the majority of which pertain to government body investigations with regards
to regulatory compliances, motor accident claims, product liability claims and consumer complaints. Some of the cases also
relate to the replacement of parts of vehicles and/or the compensation for deficiencies in the services by the Company or
its dealers.
‘The Hon’ble Supreme Court of India (“SC”) by their order dated February 28, 2019, set out the principles based on which
allowances paid to the employees should be identified for inclusion in basic wages for the purposes of computation of
Provident Fund contribution. There are interpretative challenges and considerable uncertainty, including estimating the
amount retrospectively. Pending the directions from the EPFO, the impact for past periods, if any, is not ascertainable
reliably and consequently no financial effect has been provided for in the financial statements. The Company has complied
with this on a prospective basis, from the date of the SC order.
For Jaguar Land Rover (“JLR”) there are certain third party claims and obligations amounting to ₹ 2,287 crores as at March
31, 2025 (₹ 3,487 crores as at March 31, 2024), for legal and constructive obligations. There are claims and obligations
against JLR which management has not recognised, as settlement is not considered probable.
Competition
JLR has received requests for information and/or been the subject of inspections by competition authorities, including the
European Commission and UK Competition and Markets Authority (‘CMA’) concerning possible infringements in relation to
the collection, treatment and recovery of end-of-life cars and vans which are considered waste (ELVs). JLR cooperated with
the authorities throughout the process and has reached a settlement with both the European Commission and the CMA
which includes payment of fines of ₹ 15 crores (EUR 1.6 million) and ₹ 51 crores (GBP 4.6 million) respectively.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
383 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Commitments
The Company has entered into various contracts with vendors and contractors for the acquisition of plant and machinery,
equipment and various civil contracts of a capital nature amounting to ₹ 12,630 crores, as at March 31, 2025 (₹ 9,475 crores
as at March 31, 2024), which are yet to be executed.
The Company has entered into various contracts with vendors and contractors for the acquisition of intangible assets of
a capital nature amounting to ₹ 879 crores as at March 31, 2025, (₹ 775 crores as at March 31, 2024), which are yet to
be executed.
Under the joint venture agreement with Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Co. Limited, the Company is committed to
contribute ₹ 5,884 crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹ 5,799 crores as at March 31, 2024) towards its share in the capital of the
joint venture of which ₹ 4,089 crores (₹ 4,030 crores as at March 31, 2024) has been contributed as at March 31, 2025. As
at March 31, 2025, the Company has an outstanding commitment of ₹ 1,794 crores (₹ 1,769 crores as at March 31, 2024).
The Group’s share of capital commitments of its joint venture Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Co. Limited as at March
31, 2025 is ₹ 55 crores (2024: ₹ 17 crores) and contingent liabilities of its joint venture March 31, 2025 is ₹ 77 crores (₹ 60
crores as at March 31, 2024).
The Company has contractual obligation towards Purchase Commitment for ₹ 24,797 crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹ 24,520
crores as on March 31, 2024).
42 Capital Management
The Company’s capital management is intended to create value for shareholders by facilitating the meeting of long-term
and short-term goals of the Company.
The Company determines the amount of capital required on the basis of annual operating plans and long-term product
and other strategic investment plans. The funding requirements are met through equity, convertible and non-convertible
debt securities, senior notes and other long-term/short-term borrowings. The Company’s policy is aimed at combination
of short-term and long-term borrowings.
The Company monitors the capital structure on the basis of total debt to equity ratio and maturity profile of the overall
debt portfolio of the Company.
Total debt includes all long and short-term debts as disclosed in notes 26 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements.
Equity comprises all components excluding (profit)/loss on cash flow hedges and foreign currency translation reserve.
The following table summarizes the capital of the Company:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Equity* 105,061 81,987
Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt 22,282 36,352
Long-term debt 40,217 62,149
Total debt 62,499 98,501
Total capital (Debt + Equity) 167,560 180,488
*Details of equity:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Total equity as reported in balance sheet 122,754 93,094
Currency translation reserve attributable to
- Shareholders of Tata Motors Limited (13,651) (10,042)
- Non-controlling interests 36 (45)
Hedging reserve and cost of hedge reserve (4,078) (1,020)
Equity as reported above 105,061 81,987
80th Integrated Annual Report
384
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
43 Financial instruments
(A) Accounting policy
(i) Recognition
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or
equity instrument of another entity. Trade receivables and debt securities issued are initially recognised when
they are originated. All other financial instruments are initially recognised when the Company becomes a party
to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
Initial measurement
Financial instruments are initially recognised at its fair value. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
acquisition or issue of financial instruments are recognised in determining the carrying amount, if it is not
classified as at fair value through profit or loss. However, trade receivables that do not contain a significant
financing component are measured at transaction price. Transaction costs of financial instruments carried at fair
value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss
Subsequently, financial instruments are measured according to the category in which they are classified.
Classification and measurement – financial assets
Classification of financial assets is based on the business model in which the instruments are held as well as the
characteristics of their contractual cash flows. The business model is based on management’s intentions and
past pattern of transactions. Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when
determining whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest. The Company reclassifies
financial assets when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
Financial assets are classified into three categories
Financial assets at amortised cost: Financial assets having contractual terms that give rise on specified dates
to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal outstanding and that are held
within a business model whose objective is to hold such assets in order to collect such contractual cash flows
are classified in this category. Subsequently, these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
method less any impairment losses.
Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (Equity instruments): These include
financial assets that are equity instruments and are designated as such upon initial recognition irrevocably.
Subsequently, these are measured at fair value and changes therein are recognised directly in other comprehensive
income, net of applicable income taxes.
Dividends from these equity investments are recognised in the consolidated statement of Profit and Loss when
the right to receive payment has been established.
When the equity investment is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss in equity is transferred to
retained earnings.
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (Debt instruments): Financial assets having
contractual terms that give rise on specified dates, to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
interest on the principal outstanding and that are held within a business model whose objective is to hold such
assets in order to collect such contractual cash flows as well as to sell the financial asset, are classified in this
category. Subsequently, these are measured at fair value, with unrealised gains or losses being recognised in
other comprehensive income apart from any expected credit losses or foreign exchange gains or losses, which
are recognised in profit or loss.
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss: Financial assets are measured at fair value through profit
and loss unless it is measured at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income on initial
recognition. The transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets and liabilities at fair
value through profit and loss are immediately recognised in profit and loss.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
385 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Classification and measurement – financial liabilities:
Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as
at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition.
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense,
are recognised in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or
loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.
Financial guarantee contracts: These are initially measured at their fair values and, are subsequently measured
at the higher of the amount of loss allowance determined or the amount initially recognized less, the cumulative
amount of income recognized.
Other financial liabilities: These are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
Equity instruments:
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences residual interests in the assets of the Company after
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds received,
net of direct issue costs.
(ii) Determination of fair value
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
estimated using another valuation technique.
The fair value of a financial instrument on initial recognition is normally the transaction price (fair value of the
consideration given or received).
In estimating the fair value of an asset or liability, the Company takes into account the characteristics of the asset
or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability
at the measurement date.
Subsequent to initial recognition, the Company determines the fair value of financial instruments that are quoted
in active markets using the quoted bid prices (financial assets held) or quoted ask prices (financial liabilities
held) and using valuation techniques for other instruments. Valuation techniques include discounted cash flow
method and other valuation methods
(iii) Derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities
The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
expires or it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to
another entity. If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
and continues to control the transferred asset, the Company recognises its retained interest in the asset and an
associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Company retains substantially all the risks and rewards
of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Company continues to recognise the financial asset and also
recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is
recognised in profit or loss. When a financial instrument is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss in equity
is transferred to the statement of profit and loss unless it was an equity instrument electively held at fair value
through other comprehensive income. In this case, any cumulative gain or loss in equity is transferred to retained
earnings. Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. The Company
reviews the facts and circumstances around each asset before making a determination. Financial assets that are
written off could still be subject to enforcement activities.
Financial liabilities are decrecognised when these are extinguished, that is when the obligation is discharged,
cancelled or has expired.
80th Integrated Annual Report
386
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(iv) Impairment of financial assets:
The Company recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on a financial asset that is at amortised
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income. Expected credit losses are forward looking and are
measured in a way that is unbiased and represents a probability-weighted amount, takes into account the time
value of money (values are discounted using the applicable effective interest rate) and uses reasonable and
supportable information.
(v) Hedge accounting
The Company uses foreign currency forward contracts, foreign currency options, cross currency swaps and
borrowings denominated in foreign currency to hedge its risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations
relating to highly probable forecast transactions. The Company designates these forward contracts, foreign
currency options, cross currency swaps and borrowings denominated in foreign currency in a cash flow hedging
relationship by applying the hedge accounting principles. The Company also uses cross-currency interest rate
swaps to hedge its variability in cash flows from interest payments arising from floating rate liabilities i.e. when
interests are paid according to benchmark market interest rates. Hedging accounting is applied using both fair
value and cash flow hedging relationships. The designated risks are foreign currency and interest rate risks.
The Company uses non-deliverable commodity forward contracts to hedge risks associated with commodity
price fluctuations for highly probable forecast transactions. The Company designates these contracts in cash
flow hedging relationships.
Derivatives are initially measured at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are measured at fair
value, and changes therein are generally recognised in profit or loss.
At inception of the hedge relationship, the Company documents the economic relationship between the hedging
instrument and the hedged item, including whether changes in the cash flows of the hedging instrument are
expected to offset changes in the cash flows of the hedged item. The Company documents its risk management
objective and strategy for undertaking its hedging transactions. The Company designates only the intrinsic value
of foreign exchange options in the hedging relationship. The Company designates amounts excluding foreign
currency basis spread in the hedging relationship for both foreign exchange forward contracts and cross- currency
interest rate swaps. The Company designates only the pure price component of commodities in commodity
forward contracts. Changes in the fair value of the derivative contracts that are designated and effective as
hedges of future cash flows are recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve within other comprehensive income
(net of tax), and any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit
and loss.
Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to the consolidated statement of Profit and Loss or Balance
Sheet in the periods in which the forecasted transactions occurs.
For forwards and options, forward premium and the time value are not considered part of the hedge. These are
treated as cost of hedge and the changes in fair value attributable to forward premium is recognised in the other
comprehensive income along with the changes in fair value determined to be effective portion of the hedge.
Effective portion of fair value changes of interest rate swaps that are designated as hedges against interest rate
risk arising from floating rate debt are recognised in other comprehensive income.
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, or
no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to the consolidated
statement of profit and loss in the periods in which the forecast transactions affect profit or loss or as an
adjustment to a non-financial item (e.g. inventory) when that item is recognised on the balance sheet. These
deferred amounts are ultimately recognised in profit or loss as the hedged item affects profit or loss (for example
through cost of goods sold).
If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in equity
including deferred costs of hedging is immediately transferred to the consolidated statement of Profit and Loss
for the year.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
387 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(B) Disclosure on financial instruments
This section gives an overview of the significance of financial instruments for the Company and provides additional
information on balance sheet items that contain financial instruments.
The details of significant accounting policies, including the criteria for recognition, the basis of measurement and the
basis on which income and expenses are recognised, in respect of each class of financial asset, financial liability and
equity instrument are disclosed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
a) Financial assets and liabilities
The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair value of each category of financial assets and liabilities as at March
31, 2025.
(₹ in crores)
Derivatives
other than
Cash and other Derivatives
Non -Derivative in hedging
financial assets in hedging Total carrying
Financial assets Financial assets relationship Total fair value
at amortised relationship at value
at fair value at fair value
cost fair value
through profit
or loss
(a) Investments 20,606 9,516 - - 30,122 30,122
(b) Trade receivables 13,248 - - - 13,248 13,248
(c) Cash and cash equivalents 34,349 - - - 34,349 34,349
(d) Other bank balances 6,485 - - - 6,485 6,485
(e) Loans 171 - - - 171 171
(f) Other financial assets 22,730 - 208 8,231 31,169 31,169
Total 97,589 9,516 208 8,231 1,15,544 1,15,544
(₹ in crores)
Derivatives
Derivatives
other than Other financial Other financial
in hedging Total carrying
Financial liabilities in hedging liabilities at fair liabilities at Total fair value
relationship at value
relationship at value amortised cost
fair value
fair value
(a) Long-term borrowings
(including current
maturities of long-term
borrowings) (refer note
below) - - - 56,812 56,812 58,413
(b) Lease Liability - - - 9,041 9,041 9,041
(c) Short-term borrowings - - - 5,687 5,687 5,687
(d) Trade payables - - - 97,368 97,368 97,368
(e) Compulsorily
Convertible Preference
Shares - liability portion - - 2,464 - 2,464 2,464
(f) Other financial liabilities 766 1,658 - 12,795 15,219 15,219
Total 766 1,658 2,464 1,81,703 1,86,591 1,88,192
Notes:
1 Includes ₹ 4,628 crores designated as hedged item in fair value hedge relationship. This includes a loss of
₹ 1,428 crores on account of fair value changes attributable to the hedged interest rate risk.
2 Includes ₹ 18,468 crores (£1,668 million) designated as a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge relationship.
3 Includes ₹ 8,371 crores (£761 million) designated as hedging instrument in net investment hedge relationship.
80th Integrated Annual Report
388
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair value of each category of financial assets and liabilities
as at March 31, 2024.
(₹ in crores)
Derivatives
other than
Cash and other Derivatives
Non -Derivative in hedging
financial assets in hedging Total carrying
Financial assets Financial assets relationship Total fair value
at amortised relationship at value
at fair value at fair value
cost fair value
through profit
or loss
(a) Investments 12,433 5,198 - - 17,631 17,631
(b) Trade receivables 16,952 - - - 16,952 16,952
(c) Cash and cash equivalents 40,015 - - - 40,015 40,015
(d) Other bank balances 5,792 - - - 5,792 5,792
(e) Loans 639 - - - 639 639
(f) Finance receivable 13,415 16,750 - - 30,165 30,615
(g) Other financial assets 10,937 - 959 5,310 17,206 17,206
Total 1,00,183 21,948 959 5,310 1,28,400 1,28,850
(₹ in crores)
Derivatives
Derivatives
other than Other financial Other financial
in hedging Total carrying
Financial liabilities in hedging liabilities at fair liabilities at Total fair value
relationship at value
relationship at value amortised cost
fair value
fair value
(a) Long-term borrowings
(including current
maturities of long-term
borrowings) (refer note
below) - - - 92,766 92,766 94,186
(b) Lease Liability - - - 8,763 8,763 8,763
(c) Short-term borrowings - - - 5,735 5,735 5,735
(d) Trade payables - - - 93,978 93,978 93,978
(e) Compulsorily
Convertible Preference
Shares - liability portion - - 2,548 - 2,548 2,548
(f) Other financial
liabilities 1,312 2,931 - 12,815 17,058 17,058
Total 1,312 2,931 2,548 2,14,057 2,20,848 2,22,268
Notes:
1 Includes ₹ 4,495 crores designated as hedged item in fair value hedge relationship. This includes a loss of
₹ 1,384 crores on account of fair value changes attributable to the hedged interest rate risk.
2 Includes ₹ 9,998 crores (£952 million) designated as a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge relationship.
3 Includes ₹ 10,251 crores (£1,074 million) designated as hedging instrument in net investment hedge relationship.
Fair Value Hierarchy
The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured subsequent to initial
recognition at fair value, grouped into Level 1 to Level 3, as described below.
Quoted prices in an active market (Level 1): This level of hierarchy includes financial instruments that are
measured by reference to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. This
category consists quoted equity shares, quoted corporate debt instruments and mutual fund investments.
Valuation techniques with observable inputs (Level 2): This level of hierarchy includes financial assets and
liabilities, measured using inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly (i.e; as prices) or indirectly (i.e; derived from prices). This level of hierarchy
includes Company’s over-the-counter (OTC) derivative contracts.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
389 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Valuation techniques with significant unobservable inputs (Level 3): This level of hierarchy includes financial
assets and liabilities measured using inputs that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
Fair values are determined in whole or in part, using a valuation model based on assumptions that are neither
supported by prices from observable current market transactions in the same instrument nor are they based
on available market data. The main items in this category are investments in certain unquoted debentures
and equity.
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial assets measured at fair value
(a) Investments 8,041 - 1,475 9,516
(b) Derivative assets - 8,439 - 8,439
Total 8,041 8,439 1,475 17,955
Financial liabilities measured at fair value
(a) Derivative liabilities - 2,424 - 2,424
(b) Financial Liabilities (Compulsorily convertible
preference shares) - - 2,464 2,464
Total - 2,424 2,464 4,888
Costs of certain unquoted equity instruments have been considered as an appropriate estimate of fair value
because these investments are subject to a wide range of possible fair value measurements and cost represents
the best estimate of fair value within that range. These investments in equity instruments are not held for
trading. Instead, they are held for medium or long-term strategic purpose. The Company has chosen to designate
these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as the management believe that this provides a more
meaningful presentation for medium or long-term strategic investments, than reflecting changes in fair value in
profit or loss.
Fair values of forward derivatives and commodity swap contracts are estimated by discounting expected future
contractual cash flows using prevailing market interest rate curves. Option contracts are fair valued using
standard options pricing methodology, based on prevailing market interest rates and volatility.
Reconciliation of financial assets measured at fair value using significant observable input (Level 3)
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 18,093 18,155
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd (refer note 51) (16,821) -
Originated / purchased during the year (net) 73 4,275
Interest accrued on loans measured at FVOCI - 25
Disposals during the year - (4,152)
Loan loss provision reversed - (113)
Fair value changes recognized through OCI 132 (137)
Fair value changes recognized through Profit and Loss (unrealised) (19) 15
Foreign exchange translation difference 17 25
Balance at the end 1,475 18,093
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2024
Level1 Level2 Level3 Total
Financial assets measured at fair value
(a) Investments 3,855 - 1,343 5,198
(b) Derivative assets - 6,269 - 6,269
(c) Finance receivables - - 16,750 16,750
Total 3,855 6,269 18,093 28,217
Financial liabilities measured at fair value
(a) Derivative liabilities - 4,243 - 4,243
(b) Financial Liabilities (Compulsorily convertible
preference shares) - - 2,548 2,548
Total - 4,243 2,548 6,791
80th Integrated Annual Report
390
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
There have been no transfers between level 1, level 2 and level 3 for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
Valuation of Compulsorily Convertible Preference Share (CCPS) classified as financial liability is carried out by the
management using combination of Monte Carlo simulation approach which is a statistical technique that is used
to simulate equity value of Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited and projected Cashflow discounted using
risk free interest rate prevailing on the date of valuation. Since significant unobservable inputs are applied in
measuring the fair value, financial liability is classified in Level 3.
The following table provides an analysis of fair value of financial instruments that are not measured at fair value
on recurring basis, grouped into Level 1 to Level 3 categories:
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial assets not measured at fair value
(a) Investments 20,606 - - 20,606
Total 20,606 - - 20,606
Financial liabilities not measured at fair value
(a) Long-term borrowings (including current maturities
of long term borrowing) 36,517 21,896 - 58,413
(b) Short-term borrowings - 5,687 - 5,687
Total 36,517 27,583 - 64,100
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2024
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial assets not measured at fair value
(a) Investments 12,433 - - 12,433
(b) Finance receivables - - 13,865 13,865
Total 12,433 - 13,865 26,298
Financial liabilities not measured at fair value
(a) Long-term borrowings (including current maturities
of long term borrowing) 43,581 50,605 - 94,186
(b) Short-term borrowings - 5,735 - 5,735
Total 43,581 56,340 - 99,921
Other short-term financial assets and liabilities are stated at amortized cost which is approximately equal to their
fair value.
The fair value of finance receivables has been estimated by discounting expected cash flows using rates at
which loans of similar credit quality and maturity would be made and internal assumptions such as expected
credit losses and estimated collateral value for repossessed vehicles as at March 31, 2025 and 2024. Since
significant unobservable inputs are applied in measuring the fair value, finance receivables are classified in
Level 3.
The fair value of borrowings which have a quoted market price in an active market is based on its market price
and for other borrowings the fair value is estimated by discounting expected future cash flows, using a discount
rate equivalent to the risk-free rate of return, adjusted for the credit spread considered by the lenders for
instruments of similar maturity and credit quality.
Management uses its best judgment in estimating the fair value of its financial instruments. However, there
are inherent limitations in any estimation technique. Therefore, for substantially all financial instruments, the fair
value estimates presented above are not necessarily indicative of all the amounts that the Company could have
realized or paid in sale transactions as of respective dates. As such, the fair value of the financial instruments
subsequent to the respective reporting dates may be different from the amounts reported at each period end.
Offsetting
Certain financial assets and financial liabilities are subject to offsetting where there is currently a legally
enforceable right to set off recognized amounts and the Company intends to either settle on a net basis, or to
realise the asset and settle the liability, simultaneously.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
391 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Certain derivative financial assets and financial liabilities are subject to master netting arrangements, whereby in
the case of insolvency, derivative financial assets and financial liabilities with the same countries will be settled
on a net basis.
The following table discloses the amounts that have been offset, in arriving at the balance sheet presentation
and the amounts that are available for offset only under certain conditions as at March 31, 2025:
(₹ in crores)
Amounts
subject to an
Gross amount
Net amount enforceable
Gross amount recognised as Net amount
presented in the master netting
recognized set off in the after offsetting
balance sheet arrangement
balance sheet
(Financial
Instruments)
Financial assets
(a) Derivative financial instruments 8,439 - 8,439 (2,387) 6,052
(b) Trade receivables 13,252 (4) 13,248 - 13,248
(c) Cash and cash equivalents 35,844 (1,495) 34,349 - 34,349
Total 57,535 (1,499) 56,036 (2,387) 53,649
Financial liabilities
(a) Derivative financial instruments 2,424 - 2,424 (2,387) 37
(b) Trade payable 97,372 (4) 97,368 - 97,368
(c) Loans from banks/financial
institutions (short-term & current
maturities of long term debt) 23,777 (1,495) 22,282 - 22,282
Total 1,23,573 (1,499) 1,22,074 (2,387) 1,19,687
The following table discloses the amounts that have been offset in arriving at the balance sheet presentation and
the amounts that are available for offset only under certain conditions as at March 31, 2024:
(₹ in crores)
Amounts
subject to an
Gross amount
Net amount enforceable
Gross amount recognised as Net amount
presented in the master netting
recognized set off in the after offsetting
balance sheet arrangement
balance sheet
(Financial
Instruments)
Financial assets
(a) Derivative financial instruments 6,269 - 6,269 (3,414) 2,855
(b) Trade receivables 16,955 (3) 16,952 - 16,952
(c) Cash and cash equivalents 43,113 (3,098) 40,015 - 40,015
Total 66,337 (3,101) 63,236 (3,414) 59,822
Financial liabilities
(a) Derivative financial instruments 4,243 - 4,243 (3,414) 829
(b) Trade payable 93,981 (3) 93,978 - 93,978
(c) Loans from banks/financial
institutions (short-term & current
maturities of long term debt) 39,450 (3,098) 36,352 - 36,352
Total 1,37,674 (3,101) 1,34,573 (3,414) 1,31,159
(b) Transfer of financial assets
The Company transfers finance receivables through securitisation transactions and direct assignments. In such
transactions the Company surrenders control over the receivables, though it continues to act as an agent for the collection
of receivables. Generally in such transactions, the Company also provides credit enhancements to the transferee.
Because of the existence of credit enhancements in such transactions, the Company continues to have the
obligation to pay to the transferee, limited to the extent of credit enhancement provided, even if it does not
collect the equivalent amounts from the original asset and hence continues to retain substantially all risks and
rewards associated with the receivables, and as a result of which such transfer or assignment does not meet the
derecognition criteria, resulting in the transfer not being recorded as sale. Consequently, the proceeds received
from such transfers are recorded as collateralized debt obligations.
80th Integrated Annual Report
392
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Further the Company transfers certain trade receivables under the debt factoring arrangements. These do not
qualify for derecognition, due to existence of the recourse arrangement. Consequently the proceeds received
from such transfers with a recourse arrangements are recorded as loans from banks / financial institutions and
classified under short-term borrowings.
(c) Cash flow hedges
As at March 31, 2025, the Company have a number of financial instruments designated in a hedging relationship.
The Company and its subsidiaries use both foreign currency forward and option contracts, cross currency
interest rate swaps and other currency options to hedge changes in future cash flows as a result of foreign
currency and interest rate risk arising from forecasted sales and purchases and repayment of foreign currency
bonds. The Company and its subsidiaries have also designated some of its U.S. dollar denominated bonds as
hedging instruments in a cash flow hedging relationship to hedge the changes in future cash flows as a result of
foreign currency risk arising from future anticipated sales.
The Company also have a number of foreign currency options and other currency options, which are entered into
as an economic hedge of the financial risks of the Company. These contracts do not meet the hedge accounting
criteria of Ind AS 109, hence the change in fair value of these derivatives are recognised in the consolidated
statement of Profit and Loss.
Options are designated on spot discounted basis. The time value of options are identified as cost of hedge.
Changes in the time value of options are recognised in Cost of Hedge reserve to the extent they relate to the
hedged item. Changes in the spot intrinsic value of options is recognized in Hedge reserve. Changes in fair
value arising from own and counterparty credit risk in options and forward exchange contracts are considered
ineffective in the hedge relationship and thus the change in fair value of options and forward exchange contracts
attributable to changes in credit spread are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss. Cross
currency basis spread was historically included in the hedging relationship. Any ineffectiveness arising out of
cross currency basis spread is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss as it arises.
Changes in fair value of foreign currency derivative and bonds, to the extent determined to be an effective hedge,
is recognized in other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion of the fair value change is recognized
in consolidated statement of Profit and Loss. The fair value gain/losses recorded in Hedge reserve and Cost of
Hedge reserve is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss when the forecasted transactions
affects profit or loss. The accumulated gain/losses in hedge reserve and cost of hedge reserve are expected to
be recognized in consolidated statement of profit or loss during the years ending March 31, 2026 to 2027.
It is anticipated that the hedged sales will take place over the next one to five years, at which time the amount
deferred in equity will be reclassified to revenue in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
It is anticipated that the hedged purchases will take place over the next one to five years, at which time the
amount deferred in equity will be included in the carrying amount of the raw materials. On sale of the finished
product, the amount previously deferred in equity and subsequently recognised in inventory will be reclassified
to raw materials, components, and consumables in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31 2025 March 31 2024
Fair value gain/(loss) on foreign currency derivative contracts entered for cash flow
hedges of forecast sales recognised in hedging reserve 5,890 8,760
Fair value gain/(loss) on foreign currency derivative contracts entered for cash flow
hedges of forecast inventory purchases recognized in hedging reserve - (1)
Fair value gain/(loss) on derivatives entered for cash flow hedges of repayment of
foreign currency denominated borrowings recognized in hedging reserve (128) (61)
Fair value gain/(loss) on interest rate swaps entered for cash flow hedges of payment
of interest on borrowings benchmarked to LIBOR 83 -
Fair value gain/(loss) recognized in other comprehensive income during the year 5,845 8,698
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
393 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31 2025 March 31 2024
Gain/(loss) reclassified from Hedging reserve and recognized in 'Revenue from
operations' in the consolidated statement of profit and loss on occurrence of forecast
sales 2,072 (564)
Gain/(loss) reclassified out of Hedging reserve and recorded in Inventory in the
Balance sheet on occurrence of forecast purchases (51) (29)
Gain/(loss) reclassified from Hedging reserve and recognized in 'Foreign exchange
(gain)/loss (net)' in the consolidated statement of profit and loss for the case where
on account of forecast transactions no longer expected to occur 16 29
Gain/(loss) reclassified from Hedging reserve and recognized in 'Foreign exchange
(gain)/loss (net)' in the consolidated statement of profit and loss on account of
repayment of foreign currency denominated borrowings 2 (253)
Gain/(loss) reclassified from Cost of Hedge reserve and recognized in 'Foreign
exchange (gain)/loss (net)' in the consolidated statement of profit and loss on
account of forecast transactions no longer expected to occur 1 2
Gain/(loss) reclassified from other comprehensive income to the consolidated
statement of profit and loss and balance sheet 2,040 (815)
Gain/(loss) on foreign currency derivatives not hedge accounted, recognized in
'Foreign exchange (gain)/loss (net)' in the consolidated statement of profit and loss (486) (1,652)
Ineffectiveness recognised in the income statement in 'Exchange (loss)/gain and fair
value adjustments (49) -
(535) (1,652)
(d) Financial risk management
In the course of its business, the Company is exposed primarily to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates, interest rates, equity prices, liquidity and credit risk, which may adversely impact the fair value of its
financial instruments.
The Company has a risk management policy which not only covers the foreign exchange risks but also other risks
associated with the financial assets and liabilities such as interest rate risks and credit risks. The risk management
policy is approved by the board of directors. The risk management framework aims to:
l Create a stable business planning environment by reducing the impact of currency and interest rate
fluctuations on the Company’s business plan.
l Achieve greater predictability to earnings by determining the financial value of the expected earnings
in advance.
(i) Market risk:
Market risk is the risk of any loss in future earnings, in realizable fair values or in future cash flows that may
result from a change in the price of a financial instrument. The value of a financial instrument may change
as a result of changes in the interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity price fluctuations,
liquidity and other market changes. Future specific market movements cannot be normally predicted with
reasonable accuracy.
(a) Foreign exchange currency rate risk:
T he fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates may have potential impact on the consolidated
statement of profit and loss, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated balance
sheet, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows, where
any transaction references more than one currency or where assets/liabilities are denominated in a
currency other than the functional currency of the respective consolidated entities.
Considering the countries and economic environment in which the Company operates, its operations are
subject to risks arising from fluctuations in exchange rates in those countries. The risks primarily relate
80th Integrated Annual Report
394
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
to fluctuations in U.S. dollar, GBP, Chinese renminbi, Japanese yen, Singapore dollar and Euro, against the
respective functional currencies of Tata Motors Limited and its subsidiaries.
The Company, as per its risk management policy, uses foreign exchange and other derivative instruments
primarily to hedge foreign exchange and interest rate exposure. Furthermore, any movement in the
functional currencies of the various operations of the Company against major foreign currencies may impact
the Company’s revenues and expenditure relating to its international operations. Any weakening of the
functional currency may impact the Company’s cost of imports and cost of borrowings and consequently
may increase the cost of financing the Company’s capital expenditures.
The Company evaluates the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations by assessing its exposure to
exchange rate risks.
The foreign exchange rate sensitivity is calculated for each currency by aggregation of the net foreign
exchange rate exposure of a currency and a simultaneous parallel foreign exchange rates shift in the foreign
exchange rates of each currency by 10% while keeping the other variables as constant.
The following analysis is based on the gross exposure as of the relevant balance sheet dates, which could
affect the income statement. There is no exposure to the income statement on account of translation
of financial statements of consolidated foreign entities. Furthermore, the exposure as indicated below is
mitigated by natural hedges resulting from anticipated revenue and cost in foreign currency expected to
arise in future as well as certain derivative contracts entered into by the Company.
The following table sets forth information relating to foreign currency exposure (other than risk arising from
derivatives) contract as of March 31, 2025:
(₹ in crores)
Chinese Canadian
U.S. dollar Euro GBP Others 1 Total
Renminbi dollar
(a) Financial assets 23,424 18,314 6,576 1,299 806 2,380 52,799
(b) Financial liabilities 47,320 42,205 8,091 4,224 755 3,394 105,989
1Others mainly include currencies such as the Russian rouble, Singapore dollars, Swiss franc, Australian
dollars, South African rand, Thai baht, Japanese Yen and Korean won.
10% appreciation/depreciation of the respective foreign currencies with respect to functional currency of
the Company would result in decrease/increase in the Company’s net profit/(loss) and equity before tax by
approximately ₹ 5,280 crores and ₹ 10,599 crores for financial assets and financial liabilities respectively for
the year ended March 31, 2025.
The following table set forth information relating to foreign currency exposure (other than risk arising from
derivatives) as of March 31, 2024:
(₹ in crores)
Chinese Canadian
U.S. dollar Euro GBP Others 1 Total
Renminbi dollar
(a) Financial assets 25,112 19,132 3,694 258 845 3,005 52,047
(b) Financial liabilities 47,885 45,905 6,966 3,984 561 4,171 109,473
1 Others mainly include currencies such as the Singapore dollars, Swiss franc, Australian dollars, South
African rand, Swedish Krona, Thai baht, Japanese Yen and Korean won.
(b) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates will lead to changes in fair value of
financial instruments or changes in interest income, expense and cash flows of the Group
The Company is subject to variable interest rates on some of its interest bearing liabilities. The
Company’s interest rate exposure is mainly related to debt obligations. The Company also uses a mix
of interest rate sensitive financial instruments to manage the liquidity and fund requirements for its
day to day operations like short term non-convertible bonds and short term loans.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
395 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
In its financing business, the Company enters into transactions with customers which primarily result
in receivables at fixed rates. In order to manage this risk, the Company has a policy to match funding
in terms of maturities and interest rates and also for certain part of the portfolio, the Company does
not match funding with maturities, in order to take advantage of market opportunities.
The Company also enters into arrangements of securitization of receivables in order to reduce the
impact of interest rate movements. Further, Company also enters into interest rate swap contracts
with banks to manage its interest rate risk.
As at March 31, 2025 and 2024 financial liabilities of ₹ 14,992 crores and ₹ 42,719 crores respectively,
were subject to variable interest rates. Increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates at the
balance sheet date would result in an impact (decrease/increase of profit before tax) of ₹ 150 crores
and ₹ 427 crores on income for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
T he model assumes that interest rate changes are instantaneous parallel shifts in the yield curve.
Although some assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods to re-pricing, these may
not react correspondingly to changes in market interest rates. Also, the interest rates on some types of
assets and liabilities may fluctuate with changes in market interest rates, while interest rates on other
types of assets may change with a lag.
The risk estimates provided assume a parallel shift of 100 basis points interest rate across all yield
curves. This calculation also assumes that the change occurs at the balance sheet date and has been
calculated based on risk exposures outstanding as at that date. The period end balances are not
necessarily representative of the average debt outstanding during the period.
This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency rates, remain constant.
The Company uses cross currency interest rate swaps to hedge some of its exposure to interest rate
arising from variable rate foreign currency denominated debt. The Company also uses cross currency
interest rate swaps to convert some of its foreign currency denominated fixed rate debt to floating
rate debt.
(c) Equity price risk:
Equity Price Risk is related to the change in market reference price of the investments in equity securities.
The fair value of some of the Company’s investments in equity securities exposes the Company to
equity price risks. In general, these securities are not held for trading purposes. These investments are
subject to changes in the market price of securities.
The fair value of some of the Company’s investment in quoted equity securities measured at FVOCI as
of March 31, 2025 and 2024, was ₹ 848 crores and ₹ 961 crores, respectively. A 10% change in prices
of these securities held as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, would result in a pre-tax impact of ₹ 85 crores
and ₹ 96 crores on equity, respectively.
(ii) Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss arising from counter-party failure to repay or service debt according to
the contractual terms or obligations. Credit risk encompasses both the direct risk of default and the risk of
deterioration of creditworthiness as well as concentration risks.
Financial instruments that are subject to concentrations of credit risk, principally consist of investments in
debt instruments, trade receivables, finance receivables, loans and derivative financial instruments. The
Company strives to promptly identify and reduce concerns about collection due to a deterioration in the
financial conditions and others of its main counterparties by regularly monitoring their situation based on
their financial condition.
None of the financial instruments of the Company result in material concentrations of credit risks.
80th Integrated Annual Report
396
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Exposure to credit risk
The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure
to credit risk was ₹ 1,13,254 crores as at March 31, 2025 and ₹ 1,26,136 crores as at March 31, 2024, being
the total of the carrying amount of balances with banks, short term deposits with banks, trade receivables,
finance receivables, margin money and other financial assets excluding equity investments.
Financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired
None of the Company’s cash equivalents, including time deposits with banks, are past due or impaired.
Regarding trade receivables and other receivables, and other loans or receivables that are neither impaired
nor past due, there were no indications as at March 31, 2025, and March 31, 2024, that defaults in payment
obligations will occur.
Credit quality of financial assets and impairment loss
The ageing of trade receivables and finance receivables as of balance sheet date is given below. The age
analysis have been considered from the due date.
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
Trade receivables upto 6 6 months to More than 3
Not due* 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
months 1 year years
Undisputed
(a) Considered good 10,728 1,369 244 115 103 63 12,622
(b) Which have
significant increase in
credit risk - 2 - - - - 2
(c) Credit impaired 163 54 22 17 50 153 459
Disputed
(a) Considered good 85 1 1 70 102 462 721
(b) Which have
significant increase in
credit risk - - - - - - -
(c) Credit impaired 6 - 4 30 29 125 194
Total 10,982 1,426 271 232 284 803 13,998
Less : Allowance
for receivables
considered good (97)
Less: Allowance
for credit impaired
balances (653)
Total 13,248
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
397 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2024
Trade receivables upto 6 6 months to More than 3
Not due* 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
months 1 year years
Undisputed
(a) Considered good 14,708 1,393 151 160 61 91 16,564
(b) Which have
significant increase in
credit risk - 1 - - - - 1
(c) Credit impaired 63 80 55 36 29 220 483
Disputed
(a) Considered good 12 6 51 45 19 372 505
(b) Which have
significant increase in
credit risk - - - - - - -
(c) Credit impaired - 1 11 6 - 132 150
Total 14,783 1,481 268 247 109 815 17,703
Less : Allowance
for receivables
considered good (117)
Less: Allowance
for credit impaired
balances (634)
Total 16,952
*includes unbilled receivables
Trade receivables consist of a large number of various types of customers, spread across geographical
areas. Ongoing credit evaluation is performed on the financial condition of these trade receivables and
where appropriate, allowance for losses are provided.
Trade receivables overdue more than six months include ₹ 757 crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹ 787 crores as
at March 31, 2024), outstanding from Government organizations in India, which are considered recoverable.
The Company makes allowances for losses on its portfolio of finance receivable on the basis of expected
future collection from receivables. The future collection are estimated on the basis of past collection trend
which are adjusted for changes in current circumstances as well as expected changes in future collection
based on expectations in future with respect to certain macro economic factor like GDP growth, fuel price
and inflation.
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2024
Finance Receivables1
Gross Allowance Net
Period (in months)
(a) Not due2 29,654 (778) 28,876
(b) Overdue up to 3 months 650 (38) 612
(c) Overdue more than 3 months 1,170 (493) 677
Total 31,474 (1,309) 30,165
1 Finance receivables originated in India.
2 Allowance in the “Not due” category includes allowance against instalments pertaining to impaired
finance receivables which have not yet fallen due.
(iii) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty to meet its financial obligations.
The objective of liquidity risk management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are
available for use as per requirements.
80th Integrated Annual Report
398
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company has obtained fund and non-fund based working capital lines from various banks. Furthermore,
the Company has access to funds from debt markets through commercial paper programs, non convertible
debentures, fixed deposits from public, senior notes and other debt instruments. The Company invests its
surplus funds in bank fixed deposit and liquid and liquid plus schemes of mutual funds, which carry no/low
mark to market risks. The Company has also invested 15% of the amount of public deposits/non-convertible
debentures (taken by the Company) falling due for repayment in the next 12 months in bank deposits, to
meet the regulatory norms of liquidity.
The Company also constantly monitors funding options available in the debt and capital markets with a
view to maintaining financial flexibility.
The table below provides undiscounted contractual maturities of financial liabilities, including estimated
interest payments as at March 31, 2025:
(₹ in crores)
Total
Carrying Due in 2nd Due in 3rd to Due after 5th
Financial liabilities Due in 1st Year contractual
amount Year 5th Year Year
cash flows
(a) Trade payables 97,368 97,368 - - - 97,368
(b) Borrowings and
interest thereon 63,439 26,537 12,081 30,156 3,191 71,965
(c) Lease Liability 9,041 1,936 1,749 3,737 6,585 14,007
(d) Derivative liabilities 2,424 1,757 443 - - 2,200
(e) Other financial
liabilities 11,855 11,712 79 79 62 11,932
Total 1,84,127 1,39,310 14,352 33,972 9,838 1,97,472
The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of financial liabilities, including
estimated interest payments as at March 31, 2024:
(₹ in crores)
Total
Carrying Due in 2nd Due in 3rd to Due after 5th
Financial liabilities Due in 1st Year contractual
amount Year 5th Year Year
cash flows
(a) Trade payables 93,978 93,978 - - - 93,978
(b) Borrowings and
interest thereon 99,862 41,653 24,371 39,726 6,902 112,652
(c) Lease Liability 8,763 1,828 1,611 3,566 7,356 14,361
(d) Derivative liabilities 4,243 2,494 1,439 413 - 4,346
(e) Other financial
liabilities 11,454 11,716 299 167 68 12,250
Total 2,18,300 1,51,669 27,720 43,872 14,326 2,37,587
(iv) Derivative financial instruments and risk management
The Company has entered into variety of foreign currency, interest rates and commodity forward contracts
and options to manage its exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and commodity
price risk. The counterparty is generally a bank. These financial exposures are managed in accordance with
the Company’s risk management policies and procedures.
The Company also enters into interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swap agreements, mainly
to manage exposure on its fixed rate or variable rate debt. The Company uses interest rate derivatives or
currency swaps to hedge exposure to exchange rate fluctuations on principal and interest payments for
borrowings denominated in foreign currencies.
Specific transactional risks include risks like liquidity and pricing risks, interest rate and exchange rate
fluctuation risks, volatility risks, counterparty risks, settlement risks and gearing risks.
Fair value of derivative financial instruments are determined using valuation techniques based on
information derived from observable market data.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
399 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
The fair value of derivative financial instruments is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Foreign currency forward exchange contracts and options 6,711 2,542
(b) Commodity Derivatives (553) (1,016)
(c) Others including interest rate and currency swaps (143) 501
Total 6,015 2,027
Following table provides sensitivity analysis in relation to derivative contracts:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
10% depreciation of foreign currency:
Gain/(loss) in hedging reserve and cost of hedge reserve 16,132 12,751
Gain/(loss) in consolidated statement of Profit and loss (2,961) (2,709)
10% Appreciation of foreign currency:
Gain/(loss) in hedging reserve and cost of hedge reserve (18,924) (15,389)
Gain/(loss) in consolidated statement of Profit and loss 3,639 4,306
(v) Commodity Price Risk
The Company is exposed to commodity price risk arising from the purchase of certain raw materials such as
aluminium, copper, platinum and palladium. This risk is mitigated through the use of derivative contracts and
fixed-price contracts with suppliers. On January 1, 2025, JLR applied hedge accounting to the existing trade
book of aluminium and copper derivative contracts. Hedge accounting is also applied to new aluminium and
copper contracts from the same date. The remaining derivative contracts are not hedge accounted under
Ind AS 109 but are instead measured at fair value through profit or loss.
The fair value (gain)/loss on non-hedge accounted commodity derivative contracts, recognized in the
consolidated statement of Profit and Loss was ₹ (162) crores and ₹ 1,531 crores for the years ended March 31,
2025 and 2024, respectively.
A 10% appreciation/depreciation in all commodity prices underlying such commodity contracts that are
sensitive to changes in commodity prices would have resulted in the approximate additional (loss)/gain
shown the in the table below:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
10% appreciation/depreciation in all commodity prices
In other comprehensive income 755 -
In the consolidated income statement 237 947
Exposure to gain/loss on derivative instruments offset to some extent the exposure to foreign currency risk,
interest rate risk as disclosed above.
(Note: The impact is indicated on the income/loss before consequential tax impact,if any basis).
80th Integrated Annual Report
400
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
44 Disclosure on Financials instruments designated as hedging instrument in cashflow hedge
The details of cash flow hedges entered by the Company to hedge interest rate risk arising on floating rate borrowings and
by one of the Company’s subsidiaries to hedge the currency fluctuation of its functional currency (GBP) against foreign
currencies to hedge future cash flows arising from revenue and cost of materials is as follows:
Nominal amounts Carrying value
Average strike rate
(₹ in crores) (₹ in crores)
Outstanding contracts As at As at As at As at As at As at
March 31, March 31, March 31, March 31, March 31, March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Cash flow hedges of foreign exchange
risk on forecast transactions
Foreign currency forwards
Cash flow hedges - USD
Sell - USD/ Buy - GBP
<1 year 0.78 0.77 33,543 40,561 288 (999)
Between 1-5 years 0.78 0.78 70,031 49,688 365 (473)
Buy - USD/ Sell - INR
<1 year - 71.86 - 180 - (20)
Between 1-5 years - 83.02 - 830 - (7)
Cash flow hedges - Chinese Yuan
Sell - Chinese Yuan / Buy - GBP
<1 year 0.12 0.12 26,967 29,565 1,849 1,218
Between 1-5 years 0.12 0.12 60,455 48,134 1,472 1,281
Cash flow hedges -Euro
Buy - Euro / Sell - GBP
<1 year 1.10 0.93 29,945 30,531 (210) (147)
Between 1-5 years 1.08 0.95 9,908 12,068 (11) (63)
Buy - Euro / Sell - INR
Between 1-5 years - 89.60 - 412 - 5
Cash flow hedges -JPY
Buy - JPY / Sell - INR
Between 1-5 years - 0.56 - 409 - 17
Cash flow hedges - Other
<1 year - - 10,738 10,041 1,111 473
Between 1-5 years - - 22,517 17,434 1,395 630
Cash flow hedges of foreign
exchange risk on recognised debt
Cross currency interest rate swaps
Buy - USD / Sell - GBP
<1 year 1.30 - 855 - 22 -
Between 1-5 years 1.30 1.30 3,632 6,881 233 614
Buy - Euro / Sell - GBP
<1 year 0.89 - 4,937 - (476) -
Between 1-5 years - 0.89 - 4,684 - (577)
Buy - USD / Sell - INR
<1 year 83.52 71.86 2,564 539 435 89
Between 1-5 years - 83.52 - 2,502 - 325
>5 years - - -
Total foreign currency derivative
instruments 2,76,092 2,54,459 6,473 2,366
Cash flow hedges of commodity
price risk on forecast transactions
Commodities
<1 year 5,994 - 100 -
Between 1-5 years 5,192 - - -
Total commodity derivative
instruments 11,186 - 100 -
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
401 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
Nominal amounts Carrying value
Average strike rate
(₹ in crores) (₹ in crores)
Outstanding contracts As at As at As at As at As at As at
March 31, March 31, March 31, March 31, March 31, March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Cash flow hedges of interest
rate risk arising on floating rate
borrowings
Interest rate swaps linked to SOFR
<1 year - 180 - 7
Between 1-5 years - 1,242 - 6
- 1,422 - 13
Total derivatives designated in
hedge relationship
6,573 2,379
Debt instruments denominated in
foreign currency
USD
<1 year 0.89 - 6,908 - (5,978) -
Between 1-5 years 0.88 0.89 11,152 11,206 (4,273) (9,998)
Total debt instruments
denominated in foreign currency 18,060 11,206 (10,251) (9,998)
Cash flow hedges of interest
rate risk arising on floating rate
borrowings
Total debt instruments designated
in hedge relationship (10,251) (9,998)
Non derivatives designated in hedge relationship
Nominal amounts Carrying value
Average strike rate
(USD in million) (₹ in crores)
As at As at As at As at As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Net Investment Hedge - GBP - - 761 976 - -
45 Segment reporting
The Company primarily operates in the automotive business. The automotive business includes all activities relating to
development, design, manufacture, assembly and sale of vehicles including financing thereof, as well as sale of related
parts, accessories and services. The Company provides financing for vehicles sold by dealers in India. The vehicle financing
is intended to drive sale of vehicles by providing financing to the dealers’ customers and as such is an integral part of
automotive business. The operating results for Vehicle Financing has been adjusted only for finance cost for the borrowings
sourced by this segment.
Operating segments consist of :
a) Automotive: The Automotive segment consists of four reportable sub-segments: Tata Commercial Vehicles, Tata
Passenger Vehicles, Jaguar Land Rover and Vehicle Financing. Other operating segments do not meet the quantitative
thresholds for disclosure and have been aggregated.
b) Others: Others consist of IT services and Insurance Broking services
These segment information is provided to and reviewed by Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM).
80th Integrated Annual Report
402
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
403 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
)serorc
ni
₹(
5202
,13
hcraM
ta
sa/dedne
raey
eht
roF
ytivtica
detaler
dna
evtiomotuA
-retnI
-artnI
1elcihev
dnarb
rehto
dna
ataT
dnaL
raugaJ
elciheV
latoT
tnemges
srehtO
latoT
tnemges
revoR
gnicnaniF
regnessaP
laicremmoC
snotianimile
snotianimile
latoT
elbacollanU
*elcihev
elcihev
:seuneveR
596,93,4
-
647,3
949,53,4
-
230,41,3
64
178,12,1
51
708,74
940,47
eunever lanretxE
-
)372,2(
372,2
-
)314,2(
881
5
022,2
675
836
600,1
eunever
tnemges-artni/tnemges-retnI
596,93,4
)372,2(
910,6
949,53,4
)314,2(
022,41,3
15
190,42,1
195
544,84
550,57
seunever latoT
,)sevtinecnI
gnidulcxe(
emocni
rehto erofeb sgninraE
,)ten(
)ssol(/niag
egnahcxe
ngierof ,stsoc ecnanfi
433,53
)811(
939
315,43
)91(
467,72
)2(
077,6
)615(
274
418,6
xat dna smeti lanotipecxe
decruos
sgniworrob
ot
gniniatrep stsoc ecnaniF
)862(
)862(
)862(
-
tnemges
gnicnanfi elcihev
yb
660,53
)811(
939
542,43
)91(
467,72
)072(
077,6
)615(
274
418,6
stluser tnemgeS
:xat
erofeb
)ssol(/tfiorP
ot notiailicnoceR
687,2
)sevtinecnI
gnidulcxe(
)ssol(/emocni rehtO
sgniworrob
ot
gniniatrep
gnidulcxe( stsoc ecnaniF
)518,4(
)tnemges
gnicnanfi
elcihev yb decruos
erahs
ecnereferp
elbtirevnoc yliroslupmoC
48
niag
- eulaV riaF ta derusaem
229
egnahcxe ngieroF
)055(
-
-
)055(
-
)171(
)23(
)743(
)03(
)15(
)662(
ssol - smeti lanotipecxE
782
-
621
161
-
)82(
-
981
981
-
-
)ten(
seetsevni
detnuocca
ytiuqe fo tfiorP fo erahS
087,33
xat erofeb )ssol(/tfiorP
579,4
notiarepo
deuntinocsid
morf xat erofeb tfiorP
esnepxe
notiastiroma
dna notiaicerpeD
652,32
)09(
721
912,32
)23(
501,81
14
501,5
061
998,2
640,2
erutidnepxe latipaC
135,04
54
)891(
486,04
)44(
883,43
85
282,6
-
971,4
301,2
748,98,2
)116,1(
235,5
629,58,2
)307(
117,02,2
271,8
647,75
404,1
369,22
973,33
stessa tnemgeS
415
-
415
-
315
-
1
-
-
1
elas rof
dleh sa defiissalc stessA
435,5
-
769
765,4
-
824,3
-
931,1
931,1
-
-
seetsevni
detnuocca
ytiuqe ni tnemtsevnI
:stessa
latot ot notiailicnoceR
221,03
stnemtsevnI rehtO
654,2
)ten(
stessa
xat
tnerruc-non dna tnerruC
671,7
)ten( stessa xat derrefeD
399,24
2stessa
laicnanfi
detacollanu rehtO
246,87,3
stessa latoT
012,68,1
)075(
601,3
476,38,1
)644(
372,34,1
22
528,04
774,1
102,41
741,52
setiilibail tnemgeS
:setiilibail
latot ot notiailicnoceR
994,26
sgniworroB
641,2
)ten( setiilibail xat tnerruC
966,1
)ten(
setiilibail xat derrefeD
463,3
3setiilibail
laicnanfi
detacollanu rehtO
888,55,2
setiilibail latoT
.selcihev
dnarb
taiF
dna
ooweaD
ataT
edulcni selcihev dnarb rehto dna
ataT
1
.emocni
tseretni
deurcca
dna stisoped gniraeb-tseretni sedulcnI
2
.seitilibail
gniraeb
tseretni
rehto dna deurcca tseretni sedulcnI
3

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
80th Integrated Annual Report
404
2024-25
)serorc
ni
₹(
4202
,13
hcraM
ta
sa/dedne
raey
eht
roF
ytivtica
detaler
dna
evtiomotuA
-retnI
-artnI
dnaL
raugaJ
elciheV
1elcihev
dnarb
rehto
dna
ataT
latoT
tnemges
srehtO
latoT
tnemges
revoR
gnicnaniF
regnessaP
laicremmoC
snotianimile
snotianimile
latoT
elbacollanU
*elcihev
elcihev
:seuneveR
610,43,4
-
219,3
401,03,4
-
657,20,3
49
452,72,1
51
772,05
269,67
eunever lanretxE
-
)369,1(
369,1
-
)995,4(
96
74
384,4
875
670,2
928,1
eunever
tnemges-artni/tnemges-retnI
610,43,4
)369,1(
578,5
401,03,4
)995,4(
528,20,3
141
737,13,1
395
353,25
197,87
seunever latoT
gnidulcxe(
emocni rehto erofeb sgninraE
niag
egnahcxe
ngierof ,stsoc ecnanfi ,)sevtinecnI
506,33
43
869
306,23
)87(
283,52
08
912,7
)082(
610,1
384,6
: xat dna smeti lanotipecxe ,)ten(
sgniworrob
ot gniniatrep stsoc ecnaniF
)582(
)582(
)582(
-
tnemges
gnicnanfi elcihev yb decruos
023,33
43
869
813,23
)87(
283,52
)502(
912,7
)082(
610,1
384,6
stluser tnemgeS
:xat
erofeb
)ssol(/tfiorP ot notiailicnoceR
027,2
)sevtinecnI
gnidulcxe( emocni rehtO
sgniworrob
ot gniniatrep gnidulcxe( stsoc ecnaniF
)903,7(
)tnemges gnicnanfi elcihev yb decruos
erahs
ecnereferp
elbtirevnoc yliroslupmoC
)84(
niag - eulaV riaF ta derusaem
)51(
egnahcxe ngieroF
)939(
-
-
)939(
-
3
-
)249(
)011(
1
)338(
)ten(
ssol/)niag( - smeti lanotipecxE
detnuocca
ytiuqe fo tfiorP fo erahS )ten( seetsevni
007
-
78
316
-
552
-
853
853
-
-
gniuntinoc
morf xat erofeb tfiorP snotiarepo
924,82
deuntinocsid
morf xat erofeb ssoL
)474(
notiarepo
832,72
)301(
421
712,72
)32(
176,22
73
235,4
541
153,2
630,2
esnepxe
notiastiroma dna notiaicerpeD
819,33
)74(
69
968,33
)71(
510,72
27
997,6
1
647,4
250,2
erutidnepxe latipaC
887,58,2
)583,1(
765,4
606,28,2
)045,1(
594,59,1
882,33
363,55
994,1
683,12
874,23
stessa tnemgeS
476
-
476
275
95
34
6
-
73
elas rof dleh sa defiissalc stessA
043,5
-
748
394,4
-
254,3
-
140,1
140,1
-
-
seetsevni
detnuocca ytiuqe ni tnemtsevnI :stessa latot ot notiailicnoceR
136,71
stnemtsevnI rehtO
132,2
)ten(
stessa
xat tnerruc-non dna tnerruC
990,31
)ten( stessa xat derrefeD
109,54
2stessa
laicnanfi detacollanu rehtO
466,07,3
stessa latoT
308,07,1
)605(
634,2
378,86,1
)232,1(
115,82,1
345,1
150,04
441,1
854,41
944,42
setiilibail tnemgeS :setiilibail latot ot notiailicnoceR
105,89
sgniworroB
725,1
)ten( setiilibail xat tnerruC
341,1
)ten( setiilibail xat derrefeD
695,5
3setiilibail
laicnanfi detacollanu rehtO
075,77,2
setiilibail latoT
.selcihev
dnarb
taiF
dna
ooweaD
ataT
edulcni selcihev dnarb rehto dna ataT
1
.emocni
tseretni
deurcca
dna stisoped gniraeb-tseretni sedulcnI
2
.setiilibail
gniraeb
tseretni
rehto dna deurcca tseretni sedulcnI
3
15
eton
refer
detneserp-er
neeb
sah
4202
,13
hcraM
dedne raey eht rof srebmun ehT :etoN

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
* Passenger vehicles includes following amounts for Electric vehicles
(₹ in crores)
For year ended For year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Total revenues 14,852 10,114
Earnings before other income (excluding incentives), finance costs, foreign exchange
loss (net), exceptional items and tax (256) (792)
Entity-wide disclosures
Information concerning principal geographic areas is as follows:
Net sales to external customers by geographic area by location of customers:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) India 118,630 123,843
(b) United States of America 94,087 67,496
(c) United Kingdom 54,520 55,009
(d) Rest of Europe 51,307 55,528
(e) China 55,354 57,184
(f) Rest of the World 65,797 74,956
Total 439,695 434,016
N on-current assets (Property, plant and equipment, Intangible assets, other non-current assets (non-financial) and
Goodwill) by geographic area:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) India 35,254 33,184
(b) United States of America 471 477
(c) United Kingdom 141,866 117,749
(d) Rest of Europe 7,475 7,932
(e) China 334 382
(f) Rest of the World 2,955 2,979
Total 188,355 162,703
Information about product revenues:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Tata and Fiat vehicles
- Commercial Vehicles 68,517 70,923
- Passenger Vehicles 32,955 40,163
- Electric Vehicles 14,852 10,114
- Corporate 15 15
(b) Tata Daewoo Mobility Company Limited (formerly known as Tata Daewoo 5,532 6,039
Commercial Vehicle Company Limited)
(c) Finance revenues 46 94
(d) Jaguar Land Rover vehicles 314,032 302,756
(e) Others 3,746 3,912
Total 439,695 434,016
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
405 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
46 Related-party transactions
The Company’s related parties principally includes Tata Sons Private Limited, subsidiaries and joint arrangements of
Tata Sons Private Limited, the Company’s associates and their subsidiaries, joint operations and joint ventures of the
Company. The Company routinely enters into transactions with these related parties in the ordinary course of business.
Transactions and balances of the company with its own subsidiaries and the transactions among subsidiaries are eliminated
on consolidation.
All transactions with related parties are conducted under normal terms of business and all amounts outstanding are
unsecured and will be settled in cash.
The following table summarizes related-party transactions and balances included in the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended/as at March 31, 2025:
(₹ in crores)
Tata Sons
Associates and Pvt Ltd, its
Joint ventures Joint operations Total
its subsidiaries subsidiaries and
joint ventures
(A) Transactions
Purchase of products 7,672 786 9,056 357 17,871
Sale of products 445 2,010 1,604 1,769 5,828
Services received (including reimbursements) 113 2 1 5,343 5,459
Services rendered (including reimbursements) 12 751 11 425 1,199
Bills discounted - - - 5,769 5,769
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 176 - - 84 260
Sale of property, plant and equipment - 302 - - 302
Sale of investment 852 - - - 852
Interest income - - - 61 61
Interest expense 10 - 25 65 100
Dividend income 93 19 - 44 156
Dividend paid - - - 947 947
Finance taken (including loans and equity) 222 - - - 222
Finance taken, paid back (including loans and equity) 314 - - - 314
Borrowing towards lease liability - - 63 133 196
Repayment towards lease liability - - 70 171 241
Deposits taken as security - - - 2 2
(B) Balances
Amount receivable in respect of Loans and interest - - - 39 39
thereon
Amounts payable in respect of loans and interest - - - 20 20
thereon
Amount payable in respect of Lease Liability - - 295 295 590
Trade and other receivables 132 549 3 479 1,163
Trade payables 1,351 64 470 1,482 3,367
Deposits taken as security - - - 2 2
Deffered contingent consideration 77 - - - 77
80th Integrated Annual Report
406
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
The following table summarizes related-party transactions included in the consolidated financial statements for the year
ended March 31, 2024:
(₹ in crores)
Tata Sons
Associates and Pvt Ltd, its
Joint ventures Joint operations Total
its subsidiaries subsidiaries and
joint ventures
(A) Transactions
Purchase of products 9,230 562 11,450 490 21,732
Sale of products 317 2,279 2,865 1,443 6,904
Services received (including reimbursements) 82 - 2 3,953 4,037
Services rendered (including reimbursements) 21 936 13 701 1,671
Bills discounted - - - 11,203 11,203
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 215 - - 120 335
Sale of property, plant and equipment - - 6 - 6
Sale of investment - - - 13 13
Interest income - - 0 0 1
Interest expense 5 - 24 80 109
Dividend income - - - 24 24
Dividend expense - - - 334 334
Finance given (including loans and equity) 150 - - 209 359
Finance given, taken back (including loans and equity) - - - 214 214
Finance taken (including loans and equity) 120 - - - 120
Finance taken, paid back (including loans and equity) 76 - - - 76
Borrowing towards Lease Liability - - 60 - 60
(B) Balances
Amounts receivable in respect of loans and interest - 8 - 4 12
thereon
Amounts payable in respect of loans and interest 92 - - 2 94
thereon
Amount payable in respect of Lease Liability - - 278 - 278
Trade and other receivables 27 336 38 621 1,022
Trade payables 295 74 485 1,448 2,302
Provision for amount receivables - 8 - - 8
Details of significant transactions are given below:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars Nature of relationship
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(A) Transactions
i) Purchase of products
Tata AutoComp Systems Limited Associates 1,686 3,245
Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited Joint Operations 6,465 8,720
Tata Cummins Private Limited Joint Operations 2,590 2,730
ii) Sale of products
Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited Joint Operations 1,489 2,764
Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Company Limited Joint ventures 2,010 2,279
Tata Advanced Systems Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 861 627
TIL Motor Hub Trading FZE Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 583 -
iii) Services received (including reimbursements)
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
407 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars Nature of relationship
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Tata Consultancy Services Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 3,951 2,879
Tata Sons Private Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 525 502
iv) Services rendered (including reimbursements)
Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Company Joint ventures
Limited 751 936
Agratas Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures - 371
Tata Consultancy Services Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 121 114
Tata AIG General Insurance Company Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 125 99
v) Sale of Investments
Tata Africa Holdings (SA) (Proprietary) Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures - 13
Tata AutoComp Systems Limited Associates 852 -
vi) Bills discounted
Tata Capital Financial Services Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures - 8,745
Tata Capital Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 5,769 2,459
vii) Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Tata AutoComp Systems Limited Associates 97 117
Tata Projects Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 20 74
Tata Consultancy Services Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 53 43
TACO Prestolite Electric Private Limited Associates and its subsidiaries 11 27
TM Automotive Seating Systems Private Limited Associates and its subsidiaries 3 30
Automotive Stampings and Assemblies Limited Associates and its subsidiaries 31 -
viii) Interest income
Tata Capital Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 58 -
ix) Interest expense
Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited Joint Operations 25 25
Tata Capital Financial Services Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures - 66
Tata Capital Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 65 14
x) Dividend income
Tata Sons Private Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures - 22
Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery Company Associates
Private Limited 48 -
Tata AutoComp Systems Limited Associates 39 -
xi) Dividend paid
Tata Sons Private Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 947 299
80th Integrated Annual Report
408
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars Nature of relationship
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
xii) Finance taken (including loans and equity)
Automobile Corporation of Goa Limited Associates 122 120
Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery Company Associates
Private Limited 100 -
xiii) Finance taken, paid back (including loans and equity)
Automobile Corporation of Goa Limited Associates 214 76
Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery Company Associates
Private Limited 100 *
xiv) Finance given (including loans and equity)
Freight Commerce Solutions Private Limited Associates - 150
Agratas Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures - 207
xv) Finance given, taken back (including loans and equity)
Agratas Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures - 207
xvi) Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment
Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited Joint Operations - 6
Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Company Joint ventures
Limited 302 -
xvii) Borrowings towards lease liability
Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited Joint Operations 63 -
Tata capital Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 133 -
xviii) Repayment towards lease liability
Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited Joint Operations 70 -
Tata capital Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries
and joint ventures 171 60
* No significant transactions.
Compensation of key management personnel:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Short-term benefits 66 66
Post-employment benefits* 1 1
Share based payment accrual 9 10
Other long term benefits 2 -
The compensation of Group CFO is ₹ 16 crores and ₹ 15 crores for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The share based payment accrual is ₹ 6 crores and ₹ 6 crores for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 respectively
The compensation of Executive Director is ₹ 7 crores and ₹ 5 crores for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The share based payment accrual is ₹ 1 crores and ₹ 1 crores for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The compensation of CEO at Jaguar Land Rover is ₹ 39 crores and ₹ 40 crores for the year ended March 31, 2025 and
2024, respectively.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
409 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company has paid dividend of ₹ 23.12 lakhs and ₹ 5.68 lakhs to key managerial personnel and to relatives of key
managerial personnel during the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024.
*Provisions for contribution to gratuity, leave encashment and other defined benefit are determined by actuary on an
overall Company basis at the end of each year and, accordingly, have not been considered in the above information. The
amount is disclosed only at the time of payment. Refer note 36(B) for information on transactions with post employment
benefit plans.
47 Transactions with struck off companies
The following table summarises the transactions with the companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act,
2013 or section 560 of Companies Act, 1956 for the year ended / as at March 31, 2025:
(₹ in crores)
Nature of transactions Amount of Balance Relationship with the
Name of struck off company Subsidiary company
with struck off companies transactions outstanding Struck off company
Arul Motors Pvt. Ltd. Services Received Tata Motors Limited - 0 External vendor
Bhavani Automobiles Pvt. Ltd. Services Received Tata Motors Limited - 0 External vendor
Cautela Techno Solutions Pvt. Services Received Tata Motors Limited - 0 External vendor
Ltd.
Farman Steels India Pvt. Ltd. Material Purchase Tata Motors Limited - 0 External vendor
Highway Auto Tech Pvt. Ltd. Services received Tata Motors Limited - 0 External vendor
Him Motors Pvt. Ltd. Services Received Tata Motors Limited - 0 External vendor
Honeycomb Relationship Services received Tata Motors Limited - 0 External vendor
Management Pvt. Ltd.
Jog Gears Pvt. Ltd. Material Purchase Tata Motors Limited - 0 External vendor
Metlon Engineers Pvt. Ltd. Material Purchase Tata Motors Limited - 0 External vendor
Rvee Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Services Received Tata Motors Limited - 0 External vendor
Rudrapratap Forms Pvt. Ltd. Material purchase Tata Motors Limited - 0 External vendor
S.M.A. Automobiles Pvt. Ltd. Services Received Tata Motors Limited - (0) External vendor
Wabco Foundation Breaks Pvt. Material Purchase Tata Motors Limited - 0 External vendor
Ltd.
BM Carriers Pvt. Ltd. Warranty/AMC claims Tata Motors Limited - (0) External customer
Rohit Automobiles Pvt. Ltd. Warranty/AMC claims Tata Motors Limited - (0) External customer
Banai Auto Works Pvt. Ltd. Customer Deposit Tata Motors Limited - (0) External customer
balance
Lal Singh Motors Pvt. Ltd. Customer Deposit Tata Motors Limited - (0) External customer
balance
Jessica Motors Pvt. Ltd. Warranty/AMC claims Tata Motors Limited - 0 External customer
Santosh Motors Workshop Pvt. Warranty/AMC claims Tata Motors Limited - 0 External customer
Ltd.
Ashok Autocare Pvt. Ltd. Customer Deposit Tata Motors Limited - (0) External customer
balance
Balasanka Cars Pvt. Ltd. Customer Deposit Tata Motors Limited - (0) External customer
balance
Centaa Car Tracks Pvt. Ltd. Customer Deposit Tata Motors Limited - (0) External customer
balance
Sts Trading Pvt. Ltd. Warranty/AMC claims Tata Motors Limited - (0) External customer
Active Support Taxes recovery Tata Motors Body 0 0 External vendor
Solutions Limited
Priya Logistics Pvt Ltd Services provider Tata Motors - 0 External vendor
Passenger Vehicles
Limited
80th Integrated Annual Report
410
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
Nature of transactions Amount of Balance Relationship with the
Name of struck off company Subsidiary company
with struck off companies transactions outstanding Struck off company
Venture Photocopying Mach Services provider Tata Motors 0 0 External vendor
Passenger Vehicles
Limited
Him Motors Private Limited AMC/Warranty claims Tata Motors 0 0 External customer
Passenger Vehicles
Limited
Banai Auto Works Private Material sales Tata Motors - 0 External customer
Limited Passenger Vehicles
Limited
Vistar Motors Goa Private Channel finance Tata Motors - (0) External customer
Limited Passenger Vehicles
Limited
Chavan Motors Private Limited Customer deposit Tata Motors - (0) External customer
balance Passenger Vehicles
Limited
Duggal Autowheels Private Material sales Tata Motors - (0) External customer
Limited Passenger Vehicles
Limited
Manan Motors Gujarat Private AMC/Warranty claims Tata Motors 0 0 External customer
Limited Passenger Vehicles
Limited
Calicut Automobiles Private Material sales Tata Motors - 0 External customer
Limited Passenger Vehicles
Limited
The following table summarises the transactions with the companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act,
2013 or section 560 of Companies Act, 1956 for the year ended / as at March 31, 2024:
(₹ in crores)
Nature of transactions with Amount of Balance Relationship with the Struck
Name of struck off company Subsidiary company
struck off companies transactions outstanding off company
Balasanka Cars Pvt. Ltd. Services received Tata Motors Ltd. - 0 External vendor
Chart D&S India Pvt. Ltd. Material purchase Tata Motors Ltd. - 0 External vendor
Cautela Techno Solutions Services received Tata Motors Ltd. 0 0 External vendor
Pvt. Ltd.
Farman Steels India Pvt. Ltd. Material purchase Tata Motors Ltd. - 0 External vendor
Highway Auto Tech Pvt. Ltd. Services received Tata Motors Ltd. - 0 External vendor
Honeycomb Relationship Services received Tata Motors Ltd. 0 0 External vendor
Management Pvt.
Rudrapratap Forms Pvt. Ltd. Material purchase Tata Motors Ltd. 0 0 External vendor
Taxi Films Pvt. Ltd. Services received Tata Motors Ltd. - 0 External vendor
Verific Investigation Services received Tata Motors Ltd. - 0 External vendor
Consultants and Services
Pvt. Ltd.
BM Carriers Pvt. Ltd. Warranty/AMC claims Tata Motors Ltd. - 0 External customer
Aargee Equipments Private Material purchase Tata Motors 0 - External vendor
Ltd Body Solutions
Limited
Active Support Services received Tata Motors 0 0 External vendor
Body Solutions
Limited
Simran Systems Material purchase Tata Motors 0 0 External vendor
Body Solutions
Limited
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
411 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
48 Earnings per Share (“EPS”)
(A) Accounting Policy
Basic earnings per share has been computed by dividing profit for the year by the weighted average number of shares
outstanding during the year. Partly paid-up shares are included as fully paid equivalents according to the fraction paid
up. Diluted earnings per share has been computed using the weighted average number of shares and dilutive potential
shares, except where the result would be anti-dilutive.
(B) EPS from continuing operations
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Profit for the year from continuing operations ₹ crores 22,959 32,045
(b) The weighted average number of Ordinary shares for Basic EPS Nos. 3,53,14,38,766 3,32,22,65,695
(c) The weighted average number of 'A' Ordinary shares for Basic EPS Nos. - 50,85,02,896
(d) The nominal value per share (Ordinary and 'A' Ordinary) ₹ 2 2
(e) Share of profit for Ordinary shares for Basic EPS ₹ crores 22,959 27,787
(f) Share of profit for 'A' Ordinary shares for Basic EPS ₹ crores NA 4,258
(g) Earnings Per Ordinary share (Basic) ₹ 65.01 83.64
(h) Earnings Per 'A' Ordinary share (Basic) ₹ NA 83.74
(i) Profit after tax for Diluted EPS ₹ crores 22,959 32,045
(j) The weighted average number of Ordinary shares for Basic EPS Nos. 3,53,14,38,766 3,32,22,65,695
(k) Add: Adjustment for shares held in abeyance Nos. 5,87,378 4,92,559
(l) Add: Adjustment for Options relating to ESOPs Nos. 19,52,006 25,34,495
(m) The weighted average number of Ordinary shares for Diluted EPS# Nos. 3,53,39,78,150 3,32,52,92,749
(n) The weighted average number of 'A' Ordinary shares for Basic EPS Nos. - 50,85,02,896
(o) Add: Adjustment for 'A' Ordinary shares held in abeyance Nos. - 2,33,214
(p) The weighted average number of 'A' Ordinary shares for Diluted EPS Nos. - 50,87,36,110
(q) Share of profit for Ordinary shares for Diluted EPS ₹ crores 22,959 27,789
(r) Share of profit for 'A' Ordinary shares for Diluted EPS* ₹ crores - 4,256
(s) Earnings Per Ordinary share (Diluted) ₹ 64.97 83.56
(t) Earnings Per 'A' Ordinary share (Diluted) ₹ NA 83.66
(C) EPS from discontinued operation
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Profit for the year from discontinued operation ₹ crores 4,871 (646)
(b) The weighted average number of Ordinary shares for Basic EPS Nos. 3,53,14,38,766 3,32,22,65,695
(c) The weighted average number of 'A' Ordinary shares for Basic EPS Nos. - 50,85,02,896
(d) The nominal value per share (Ordinary and 'A' Ordinary) ₹ 2 2
(e) Share of profit for Ordinary shares for Basic EPS ₹ crores 4,871 (560)
(f) Share of profit for 'A' Ordinary shares for Basic EPS ₹ crores - (86)
(g) Earnings Per Ordinary share (Basic) ₹ 13.79 (1.69)
(h) Earnings Per 'A' Ordinary share (Basic) ₹ NA (1.69)
(i) Profit after tax for Diluted EPS ₹ crores 4,871 (646)
(j) The weighted average number of Ordinary shares for Basic EPS Nos. 3,53,14,38,766 3,32,22,65,695
(k) Add: Adjustment for shares held in abeyance Nos. 5,87,378 4,92,559
(l) Add: Adjustment for Options relating to ESOPs Nos. 19,52,006 25,34,495
(m) The weighted average number of Ordinary shares for Diluted EPS# Nos. 3,53,39,78,150 3,32,52,92,749
(n) The weighted average number of 'A' Ordinary shares for Basic EPS Nos. - 50,85,02,896
(o) Add: Adjustment for 'A' Ordinary shares held in abeyance Nos. - 2,33,214
(p) The weighted average number of 'A' Ordinary shares for Diluted EPS Nos. - 50,87,36,110
(q) Share of profit for Ordinary shares for Diluted EPS ₹ crores 4,871 (560)
(r) Share of profit for 'A' Ordinary shares for Diluted EPS* ₹ crores - (86)
(s) Earnings Per Ordinary share (Diluted) ₹ 13.78 (1.68)
(t) Earnings Per 'A' Ordinary share (Diluted) ₹ NA (1.68)
* ‘A’ Ordinary shareholders are entitled to receive dividend at 5 percentage points more than the aggregate rate of dividend determined by Tata Motors
Limited on Ordinary shares for the financial year.
#Excludes 18,298 and Nil Performance share units being anti-dilutive for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 respectively.
80th Integrated Annual Report
412
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
413 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
sa
detadilosnoc
sesirpretne
fo
,3102
,tcA
seinapmoC
eht
ot
III
eludehcS
rednu
deriuqer
sa
notiamrofni
lanotiiddA
94
serutneV
tnioJ/
setaicossA
/
yraidisbus
evisneherpmoc
latot
ni
erahS
rehto
ni
erahS
stessa
latot
.e.i
,stessA
teN
ssol
ro
tfiorp
ni
erahS
emocni
emocni
evisneherpmoc
setiilibail
latot
sunim
sesirpretne
fo emaN
fo
%
sA
fo
%
sA
fo
%
sA
fo
% sA
tnuomA
tnuomA
tnuomA
tnuomA
evisneherpmoc
detadilosnoc
detadilosnoc
detadilosnoc
)serorc
ni₹(
)serorc
ni₹(
)serorc
ni
₹(
)serorc
ni
₹(
emocni
ICO
ssol
ro
tfiorp
stessa
ten
tneraP
594,5
%88.51
311
%57.1
283,5
%21.91
140,23
%01.62
dtL srotoM
ataT
seiraidisbuS
-
naidnI
ssenisuB
LMT
sa
nwonk
ylremrof(
detimiL
secivreS labolG
srotoM
ataT
2
%10.0
1
%20.0
1
%00.0
361
%31.0
)detimiL
secivreS
258
%64.2
1
%20.0
158
%20.3
466,1
%63.1
detimiL
seigolonhceT
ataT
09
%62.0
-
%00.0
09
%23.0
141
%11.0
detimiL
secivreS
yrosivdA
dna
gnikorB ecnarusnI
srotoM
ataT
473
%80.1
-
%00.0
473
%33.1
247,5
%86.4
detimiL
sgnidloH
FMT
)46(
%81.0-
-
%00.0
)46(
%32.0-
)75(
%50.0-
detimiL secivreS
ssenisuB
FMT
1
%00.0
)1(
%20.0-
2
%10.0
)13(
%30.0-
detimiL
snotiuloS
ydoB srotoM
ataT
785
%07.1
-
%00.0
785
%90.2
707
%85.0
detimiL aidnI
revoR dnaL
raugaJ
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
detimiL
notiamotuA dna
sctioboR
obarB
94
%41.0
)3(
%50.0-
25
%81.0
06
%50.0
detimiL
etavirP
aidnI
secivreS
ssenisuB
dna
ygolonhceT
revoR dnaL
raugaJ
655
%16.1
2
%30.0
455
%79.1
046,8
%40.7
detimiL
selciheV regnessaP
srotoM
ataT
)63(
%01.0-
-
%00.0
)63(
%31.0-
567
%26.0
detimiL
snotiuloS
ytiliboM
VC LMT
69
%82.0
1
%20.0
59
%43.0
179,4
%50.4
detimiL
ytiliboM cirtcelE
regnessaP
ataT
)91(
%50.0-
-
%00.0
)91(
%70.0-
045
%44.0
detimiL
snotiuloS
ytiliboM
ytiC tramS
LMT
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
111
%90.0
detimiL
etavirP
)K&J(
snotiuloS
ytiliboM
ytiC tramS
LMT
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
)4202
,32
enuJ
no
detaroprocnI(
detimiL
selciheV
laicremmoC
LMT
-
%00.0
%00.0
%00.0
%00.0
)4202
,9
yluJ
no detaropocnI(
tsurT
setiiruceS
LMT ngieroF
ooweaD
ataT
sa
nwonk
ylremrof(
detimiL
ynapmoC
ytiliboM
ooweaD
ataT
)331(
%83.0-
)461(
%45.2-
13
%11.0
010,2
%46.1
)detimiL
ynapmoC elciheV
laicremmoC
naeporuE
srotoM
ataT
sa
nwonk
ylremrof(
clp
ertneC hceT ngiseD
srotoM
ataT
04
%21.0
-
%00.0
04
%41.0
945
%54.0
)CLP
ertneC
lacinhceT
141
%14.0
)61(
%52.0-
751
%65.0
03
%20.0
detimiL )dnaliahT(
srotoM
ataT
112,3
%82.9
)03(
%64.0-
142,3
%15.11
245,8
%69.6
detimiL
.etP sgnidloH
LMT
)13(
%90.0-
)22(
%43.0-
)9(
%30.0-
)929(
%67.0-
.A.S
arecorraC srotoM
onapsiH
ataT
)2(
%10.0-
)5(
%80.0-
3
%10.0
)96(
%60.0-
AS
berhgaM
seirrecorraC
srotoM
onapsiH
ataT
)2(
%10.0-
1
%20.0
)3(
%10.0-
14
%30.0
.l.r.S
xilirT
1
%00.0
1
%20.0
-
%00.0
52
%20.0
detimiL
.etP seirtsudnI
noisicerP
ataT
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
913
%62.0
aisenodnI
srotoM
ataT
TP
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
84
%40.0
.clP lanotianretnI
TACNI
)01(
%30.0-
-
%00.0
)01(
%40.0-
7
%10.0
HbmG
seigolonhceT
ataT
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
3
%00.0
.V.C
ed .A.S
,ocixeM ed
seigolonhceT
ataT
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
42
%20.0
detimiL
cirbmaC
1
%00.0
-
%00.0
1
%00.0
87
%60.0
ainamoR LRS
seigolonhceT
ataT
)9(
%30.0-
1
%20.0
)01(
%40.0-
75
%50.0
detimiL
)iahgnahS(
seigolonhceT
gnirutcafunaM
ataT
722
%66.0
92
%54.0
891
%07.0
271,1
%59.0
detimiL
eporuE
seigolonhceT
ataT
)1(
%00.0
)1(
%20.0-
-
%00.0
1
%00.0
BA scidroN
seigolonhceT
ataT
66
%91.0
81
%82.0
84
%71.0
977
%36.0
.cnI
seigolonhceT
ataT
)01(
%30.0-
)1(
%20.0-
)9(
%30.0-
1
%00.0
detimiL
)dnaliahT(
seigolonhceT
ataT
872
%08.0
1
%20.0
772
%89.0
048
%86.0
detimiL etP
seigolonhceT
ataT
642,11
%94.23
-
%00.0
642,11
%59.93
338,03
%21.52
clP
evtiomotuA
revoR dnaL
raugaJ
173,02
%68.85
-
%00.0
173,02
%73.27
231,56
%60.35
detimiL
revoR dnaL
raugaJ
148,4
%99.31
074,2
%22.83
173,2
%24.8
290,56
%30.35
detimiL
sgnidloH
revoR dnaL
raugaJ

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
80th Integrated Annual Report
414
2024-25
evisneherpmoc
latot
ni
erahS
rehto
ni
erahS
stessa
latot
.e.i
,stessA
teN
ssol
ro
tfiorp
ni
erahS
emocni
emocni
evisneherpmoc
setiilibail
latot
sunim
sesirpretne
fo emaN
fo
%
sA
fo
%
sA
fo
%
sA
fo
%
sA
tnuomA
tnuomA
tnuomA
tnuomA
evisneherpmoc
detadilosnoc
detadilosnoc
detadilosnoc
)serorc
ni₹(
)serorc
ni₹(
)serorc
ni
₹(
)serorc
ni
₹(
emocni
ICO
ssol
ro
tfiorp
stessa
ten
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
detimiL ynapmoC
eenimoN
RLJ
803
%98.0
-
%00.0
803
%90.1
892,2
%78.1
detimiL
sgnidloH )acirfA htuoS( revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
detimiL
sraC
raugaJ
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
detimiL stropxE
revoR
dnaL
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
detimiL ynapmoC rotoM
retsehcnaL
ehT
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
71
%10.0
detimiL ynapmoC rotoM
relmiaD
ehT
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
detimiL
sraC .S.S
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
detimiL selciheV tropsnarT
relmiaD
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
detimiL seetsurT noisneP revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
detimiL )ytP( acirfA htuoS
sraC
raugaJ
091
%55.0
-
%00.0
091
%76.0
687,6
%35.5
o.r.s aikavolS revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
6
%20.0
-
%00.0
6
%20.0
12
%20.0
detimiL
gnicaR
raugaJ
)501(
%03.0-
-
%00.0
)501(
%73.0-
)263(
%92.0-
detimiL serutneV
notioMnI
4
%10.0
-
%00.0
4
%10.0
)101(
%80.0-
detimiL
serutneV
raC-nI
731
%04.0
-
%00.0
731
%94.0
5
%00.0
detimiL 2 serutneV
notioMnI
)18(
%32.0-
-
%00.0
)18(
%92.0-
)202(
%61.0-
detimiL 3 serutneV
notioMnI
821
%73.0
-
%00.0
821
%54.0
804
%33.0
detimiL )secivreS( dnalerI revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
71
%50.0
-
%00.0
71
%60.0
-
%00.0
)aissuR(
"revoR dnaL raugaJ" ynapmoC
ytilibaiL
detimiL
451,2
%22.6
-
%00.0
451,2
%56.7
526,7
%12.6
detimiL
.oC tnemtsevnI )anihC( revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
2
%10.0
-
%00.0
2
%10.0
)3(
%00.0
detimiL
ynapmoC
secivreS
evtiomotuA revoR dnaL
raugaJ
iahgnahS
yraurbeF
f.e.w
yraidisbus
eb ot desaec( S.A.S aibmuloC revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
32
%7.0
-
%00.0
32
%80.0
1
%00.0
)5202 ,72
25
%51.0
-
%00.0
25
%81.0
55
%40.0
.V.C ed .I.P.A.S,ocixeM revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
.V.C ed .A.S,ocixeM soicivreS revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
16
%81.0
-
%00.0
16
%22.0
58
%70.0
SAS ,ecnarF revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
81
%50.0
-
%00.0
81
%60.0
711
%01.0
.adL
,saceP e solucieV - lagutroP revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
73
%11.0
-
%00.0
73
%31.0
074
%83.0
LS anapsE revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
611
%43.0
-
%00.0
611
%14.0
961,1
%59.0
apS ailatI revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
)5(
%10.0-
-
%00.0
)5(
%20.0-
-
%00.0
detimiL dnalerI
revoR
dnaL
601
%13.0
-
%00.0
601
%83.0
631
%11.0
detimiL ynapmoC aeroK revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
141
%14.0
-
%00.0
141
%05.0
309
%47.0
HbmG dnalhcstueD revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
43
%01.0
-
%00.0
43
%21.0
99
%80.0
HbmG airtsuA revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
331
%83.0
-
%00.0
331
%74.0
902
%71.0
detimiL ytP ailartsuA revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
125,1
%93.4
-
%00.0
125,1
%04.5
223,8
%87.6
CLL aciremA htroN revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
95
%71.0
-
%00.0
95
%12.0
513
%62.0
detimiL napaJ revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
801
%13.0
-
%00.0
801
%83.0
042
%02.0
CLU adanaC revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
52
%70.0
-
%00.0
52
%90.0
781
%51.0
ADTL
solucieV
ed
oicremoC e airtsudni lisarB revoR
dnaL
e raugaJ
29
%72.0
-
%00.0
29
%33.0
59
%80.0
VN xuleB revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
63
%01.0
-
%00.0
63
%31.0
93
%30.0
VB dnalredeN revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
)86(
%02.0-
-
%00.0
)86(
%42.0-
)21(
%10.0-
detimiL )ytp( )acirfA htuoS( revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
11
%30.0
-
%00.0
11
%40.0
51
%10.0
dtL .etP eropagniS revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
71
%50.0
-
%00.0
71
%60.0
73
%30.0
detimiL ynapmoC nawiaT revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
)4(
%10.0-
-
%00.0
)4(
%10.0-
)4(
%00.0
HbmG dnalhcstueD cissalC revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
1
%00.0
-
%00.0
1
%00.0
91
%20.0
TFK yragnuH revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
CLL ASU cissalC revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
)14(
%21.0-
-
%00.0
)14(
%51.0-
)441(
%21.0-
detimiL
srotoM
relwoB
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
detimiL serutneV revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
448
%44.2
-
%00.0
448
%00.3
175,1
%82.1
detimiL .oC gnidarT )obgniN( revoR
dnaL
raugaJ
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
111
%90.0
)4202
,9 rebotcO
no
detaroprocnI( detimiL ynapmoC
ecnarusnI
RLJ
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
)5202
,71
hcraM
no
detaroprocnI(
detimiL sbaL IA.latigiD
srotoM
ataT
5
%10.0
)2(
%30.0-
7
%20.0
32
%20.0
detimiL ynapmoC selaS ytiliboM
ooweaD
ataT
)23(
%90.0-
-
%00.0
)23(
%11.0-
)43(
%30.0-
aisenodnI isubirtsiD
srotoM
ataT TP
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
2
%00.0
stsurT
notipO
kcotS seeyolpmE detimiL seigolonhceT
ataT

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
415 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
evisneherpmoc
latot
ni
erahS
rehto
ni
erahS
stessa
latot
.e.i
,stessA
teN
ssol
ro
tfiorp
ni
erahS
emocni
emocni
evisneherpmoc
setiilibail
latot
sunim
sesirpretne fo emaN
fo
%
sA
fo
%
sA
fo
%
sA
fo
%
sA
tnuomA
tnuomA
tnuomA
tnuomA
evisneherpmoc
detadilosnoc
detadilosnoc
detadilosnoc
)serorc
ni₹(
)serorc
ni₹(
)serorc
ni
₹(
)serorc
ni
₹(
emocni
ICO
ssol
ro
tfiorp
stessa
ten
1
%00.0
1
%20.0
-
%00.0
02
%20.0
0002
POSE
detimiL lanotianretnI TACNI
seiraidisbus
lla ni stseretnI ytironiM naidnI
153
%10.1
73
%75.0
413
%21.1
266,1
%53.1
dtL seigolonhceT ataT
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
349,4
%30.4
.dtL
ytiliboM cirtcelE regnessaP ataT
5
%10.0
-
%00.0
5
%20.0
-
%00.0
detimiL dnaliahT srotoM ataT ngieroF
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
5
%00.0
dtL etP seirtsudnI noisicerP ataT snotiarepo tnioJ naidnI
481
%35.0
-
%00.0
481
%56.0
443,3
%27.2
detimiL
etavirP selibomotuA aidnI taiF
762
%77.0
)1(
%20.0-
862
%59.0
019
%47.0
detimiL etavirP snimmuC ataT
)367,02(
%99.95-
010,4
%60.26
)377,42(
%10.88-
)422,45,1(
%46.521-
notiadilosnoc
fo tuo gnisira stnemtsujdA
303,43
144,6
268,72
022,71,1
) a ( latot - buS
)dohtem
ytiuqe
eht
rep
sa tnemtsevnI( serutnev tnioJ ngieroF
)16(
%81.0-
12
%23.0
)28(
%92.0-
624,3
%97.2
detimiL
ynapmoC
evtiomotuA
revoR dnaL raugaJ yrehC
81
%50.0
-
%00.0
81
%60.0
76
%50.0
GA ziewhcS revoR dnaL raugaJ
72
%80.0
-
%00.0
72
%01.0
06
%50.0
detimiL eporuE RLJ epachcnI
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
BA tropmI RLJ ailliB
)61(
12
)73(
355,3
) b ( latot - buS
)dohtem
ytiuqe
eht
rep sa tnemtsevnI( setaicossA naidnI
361
%74.0
-
%00.0
361
%85.0
369
%87.0
detimiL smetsyS pmoCotuA ataT
32
%70.0
-
%00.0
32
%80.0
081
%51.0
detimiL
aoG fo notiaroproC elibomotuA
641
%24.0
-
%00.0
641
%25.0
008
%56.0
detimiL
etavirP
ynapmoC
yrenihcaM
noticurtsnoC ihcatiH ataT
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
detimiL
)aidnI( seirtsudnI noisicerP ataT
)12(
%60.0-
-
%00.0
)12(
%70.0-
811
%01.0
detimiL
etavirP
snotiuloS ecremmoC thgierF
4
%10.0
-
%00.0
4
%10.0
4
%00.0
detimiL
etavirP aidnI skroWhceT WMB ngieroF
3
%10.0
-
%00.0
3
%10.0
04
%30.0
detimiL ynapmoC atiN
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
)6(
%00.0
detimiL vtipanyS
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
9
%10.0
detimiL ecnaniF sraC raugaJ
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
-
%00.0
4
%00.0
detimiL V CRA
813
-
813
211,2
) c ( latot - buS
6
%20.0
-
%00.0
6
%20.0
)131(
%11.0-
)d(
notiadilosnoc
fo tuo gnisira stnemtsujdA
803
%98.0
12
%23.0
782
%20.1
435,5
%15.4
)d + c + b ( latoT
116,43
%00.001
264,6
%00.001
941,82
%00.001
457,22,1
%00.001
)d + c + b + a ( latoT

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
50 Other statutory information
(a) The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the
Company for holding any Benami property.
(b) The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the
statutory period.
(c) The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
(d) The Company, its associate companies, joint venture companies and joint operations have not advanced or loaned or
invested funds to any person(s) or entity(is), including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that
the Intermediary shall: (a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner
whatsoever by or on behalf of the company, (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like
to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries, except as mentioned below:
The Company has advanced or loaned or invested ₹847 crores in various tranches, viz. May 22, 2024, June 26, 2024,
July 22, 2024, August 29, 2024, September 24, 2024, September 27, 2024, October 28, 2024, November 25, 2024,
December 26, 2024, January 28, 2025, February 24, 2025, February 27, 2025, March 6, 2025, March 24, 2025 and
March 25, 2025, in its wholly owned subsidiary TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Ltd (“TSCMSL”).
Out of the aforementioned amounts TSCMSL advanced or loaned or invested ₹192 crores in TML Smart City Solutions
(J&K) Pvt Ltd, its wholly owned subsidiary (ultimate beneficiary) in various tranches viz May 22, 2024 - ₹6 crores, June
26, 2024 - ₹9 crores, June 28, 2024 - ₹2 crores, July 12, 2024 - ₹3 crores, July 24, 2024 - ₹3 crores, August 30, 2024 - ₹3
crores, September 25, 2024 - ₹4 crores, October 28, 2024 - ₹5 crores, November 25, 2024 - ₹20 crores, December 26,
2024 - ₹9 crores, January 8, 2025 - ₹8 crores, February 25, 2025 - ₹30 crores, February 27, 2025 - ₹4 crores, March 20,
2025 - ₹5 crores and March 25, 2025 - ₹81 crores. Further, out of the aforementioned amount TSCMSL advanced or
loaned or invested ₹105 crores in TML CV Mobility Solutions Ltd, its fellow subsidiary (ultimate beneficiary) in various
tranches viz September 27, 2024 - ₹35 crores, October 28, 2024 - ₹26 crores, November 25, 2024 - ₹24 crores, January
8, 2025 - ₹7 crores, February 27, 2025 - ₹7 crores and March 20, 2025 - ₹6 crores.
The transactions mentioned in (ii) above are not in violation of Prevention of Money-Laundering Act, 2002 and are
complied with the provisions of Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and Companies Act, 2013.
(e) The Company, its associate companies, joint venture companies and joint operations have not received any fund
from any person(s) or entity(is), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded
in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall: (a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities
identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or (b) provide any
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(f) The Company does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or
survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
(g) The Company is not declared as willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution (as defined under the Companies
Act, 2013) or consortium thereof or other lender in accordance with the guidelines on willful defaulters issued by the
Reserve Bank of India.
(h) The Company has complied with the number of layers for its holding in downstream companies prescribed under
clause (87) of section 2 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers)
Rules, 2017.
(i) The Company has not revalued any of its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right-of-Use Assets) during the year.
51 Discontinued Operation
Disposal due to merger of Tata Motors Finance Ltd with Tata Capital Ltd
The Board of Directors of Tata Motors Finance Limited (“TMFL”), a wholly-owned step down subsidiary of the Company,
at its meeting held on June 4, 2024, approved (subject to the requisite regulatory and other approvals) a Scheme of
Arrangement for amalgamation of the TMFL with and into Tata Capital Limited (“TCL”) with appointed date of April 1, 2024.
80th Integrated Annual Report
416
2024-25

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
The Scheme has been approved by the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”), Mumbai Bench on May 1, 2025.
TMFL and TCL has received all other necessary regulatory approvals and the scheme is effective from May 8, 2025.
Accordingly, the Company has accounted for transfer of net assets (as calculated below) in accordance with the accounting
principles generally accepted in India and has recognised the excess of consideration receivable in form of equity shares of
Tata Capital Ltd amounting to ₹ 8,016 crores over the book value of net assets transferred as at appointed date of April 1,
2024, amounting to ₹ 4,975 crores has been accounted as gain on sale of discontinued operation in consolidated statement
of profit and loss. The same is entirely attributable to the owners of the Company.
Further, the comparative consolidated statement of profit and loss has been re-presented to show the discontinued
operation (TMFL), separately from continuing operations.
Net Assets of TMFL are as follows as at April 1, 2024.
(₹ in crores)
As at April 1,
2024*
(a) Non Current Assets 8,050
(b) Current Assets (including assets classified as held for sale) 29,577
Total Assets associated with TMFL 37,627
(a) Non-Current Liabilities 14,778
(b) Current Liabilities 17,204
Total Liabilities directly associated with TMFL 31,982
*TMFL was not previously classified as held-for-sale or as discontinued operation pending NCLT approval. The impact of
de-recognition for balance sheet has been disclosed in the table above.
Statement of Profit and Loss of TMFL included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025# March 31, 2024
(a) Revenue from operations - 3,912
(b) Other income - 258
(c) Total income (a+b) - 4,170
(d) Expenses - 4,606
(e) Loss before exceptional items and tax (c-d) - (436)
(f) Exceptional item - (gain)/ loss - 38
(g) Profit/ (loss) before tax from discontinued operations (e-f) - (474)
(h) Tax expense - 172
(i) Profit/ (loss) for the year from discontinued operations (g-h) - (646)
(j) Gain on sale of discontinued operation 4,975 -
(k) Tax expense 104 -
(l) Profit/ (loss) for the year from discontinued operations (i+j-k) 4,871 (646)
# Pursuant to the NCLT approval, business of TMFL has been de-recognised w.e.f. appointed date, which overrides the
requirement of Ind AS 110 as per which loss of control would have been accounted for on May 8, 2025. The impact of
deviation is not material for the consolidated statement of profit and loss.
Net cash Flow Attributable to TMFL is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended
March 31,2024*
(a) Cash flow from operating activities 2,416
(b) Cash flow from investing activities 82
Cash flow used in Financing activities (3,621)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalent (1,123)
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
417 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Consolidated Financial Statements
52 Other Note
a) Current period figures are shown in bold prints.
b) The Board of Directors has, at its meeting held on August 1, 2024, approved (subject to the requisite and other
approvals) a Composite Scheme of Arrangement involving the demerger of its Commercial Vehicle (“CV”) business
undertaking into TML Commercial Vehicles Limited (newly incorporated entity) and the merger of Tata Motors
Passenger Vehicles Limited with the existing listed company thereby resulting in two separate listed companies for
the CV and Passenger Vehicle businesses. The Scheme of Arrangement has been filed with Hon’ble National Company
Law Tribunal for approval.
c) JLR completed the disposal of a controlling stake in a non-core subsidiary for a cash consideration of ₹ 831 crores (GBP
77 million). The gain on disposal net of transaction cost has been represented as an exceptional item.
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board
For B S R & Co. LLP N CHANDRASEKARAN [DIN: 00121863] P B BALAJI
Chartered Accountants Chairman Group Chief Financial Officer
Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
VIJAY MATHUR GIRISH WAGH [DIN: 03119361] MALOY KUMAR GUPTA [ACS: 24123]
Partner Executive Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 046476
UDIN: 25046476BMOWLZ2780
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
Date: May 13, 2025 Date: May 13, 2025
80th Integrated Annual Report
418
2024-25

Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of Tata Motors Limited Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards
Report on the Audit of the Standalone on Auditing (SAs) specified under Section 143(10) of the Act.
Financial Statements Our responsibilities under those SAs are further described in
the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone
Opinion Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Company in accordance with the Code
We have audited the standalone financial statements of
of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of
Tata Motors Limited (the “Company”), its joint operation
India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant
(including its subsidiary company) and its Trust which
to our audit of the standalone financial statements under
comprise the standalone balance sheet as at 31 March 2025,
the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we
and the standalone statement of profit and loss (including
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
other comprehensive income), standalone statement of
with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe
changes in equity and standalone statement of cash flows for
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
the year then ended, and notes to the standalone financial
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the
statements, including material accounting policies and other
standalone financial statements.
explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according Key Audit Matter
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional
financial statements give the information required by the
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) in the manner so required and
standalone financial statements of the current period. These
give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs
standalone financial statements as a whole, and in forming
of the Company as at 31 March 2025, and its profit and other
our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows
opinion on these matters.
for the year ended on that date.
Provision for Warranty
See Note 27 to standalone financial statements
The key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
The Company incurs a liability for warranty contracts In view of the significance of the matter we applied the following
on new vehicle sales, in terms of which it is obligated to audit procedures in this area
provide repair services for manufacturing defects over the
Test of Controls:
contractual warranty period. As detailed in note 27 of the
standalone financial statements, as at 31 March 2025, the Evaluated the design and implementation and tested the
Company has warranty provisions of Rs. 2,291 crores. operating effectiveness of controls related to computation and
approval of the warranty provisions. This includes evaluation of
The Company records a warranty provision at period end
assumptions and information related to expected warranty cost
which involves complexity, judgement and significant level
per vehicle and future events related to expected cost savings
of uncertainty. The computation of the provision considers
underlying the warranty provision computation.
the historical actual claims data and the recent data trends
to estimate the expected payouts for vehicles sold in Test of details:
respective years. Such expected payouts are adjusted for
 Evaluated any changes made to the provision policy and
any cost savings expected from various ongoing quality
computation model;
initiatives. There is an inherent uncertainty related to
future events which may not mirror past experience. The  Assessed and challenged the assumptions and recomputed
likelihood of risk of material misstatement has further the inputs used in warranty provision computation;
increased due to increasing warranty spend in the year
 Identified and tested the completeness and accuracy
which has diverged from provision levels.
of underlying information used in computation of
provision with the assistance of our Information
technology specialists;
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
419 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Provision for Warranty
See Note 27 to standalone financial statements
The key audit matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
We determined provision for product warranty as a key  Tested actualization of estimated warranty provision using
audit matter due to high estimation uncertainty and statistical sampling;
involvement of significant judgement.
 Performed retrospective assessment of provision by
comparing estimated and actual payments against
warranty claims; and
 Evaluated the adequacy of disclosures relating to the
estimation of Product warranty provisions.
Other Information
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company, its joint
responsible for the other information. The other information operation (including its subsidiary company) and its Trust and
comprises the information included in the annual report, for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities;
but does not include the financial statements and auditor’s selection and application of appropriate accounting policies;
report thereon. The annual report is expected to be made making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and
available to us after the date of this auditor’s report. prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of
adequate internal financial controls, that were operating
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of
cover the other information and we will not express any form
the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and
of assurance conclusion thereon.
presentation of the standalone financial statements that give
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement,
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information whether due to fraud or error.
identified above when it becomes available and, in doing
In preparing the standalone financial statements, the
so, consider whether the other information is materially
respective Management and Board of Directors/Board of
inconsistent with the standalone financial statements or our
Trustees are responsible for assessing the ability of each
knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be
company/Trust to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
materially misstated.
applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
When we read the annnual report, if we conclude that going concern basis of accounting unless the respective Board
there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to of Directors/Board of Trustees either intends to liquidate the
communicate the matter to those charged with governance company/Trust or to cease operations, or has no realistic
and take necessary actions, as applicable under the relevant alternative but to do so.
laws and regulations.
The respective Board of Directors/Board of Trustees are
responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process of
Management's and Board of Directors' and
each company/Trust.
Board of Trustees' Responsibilities for the
Standalone Financial Statements Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are Standalone Financial Statements
responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Act
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
with respect to the preparation of these standalone financial
whether the standalone financial statements as a whole
statements that give a true and fair view of the state of affairs,
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
profit/ loss and other comprehensive income, changes in
or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
accounting principles generally accepted in India, including
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it
Section 133 of the Act. The respective Management and Board
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
of Directors of the Company and its joint operation company
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
(including its subsidiary company) and Board of Trustees
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
of the Trust are responsible for maintenance of adequate
80th Integrated Annual Report
420
2024-25

and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including
decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
financial statements.
during our audit.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise
We also provide those charged with governance with a
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
throughout the audit. We also:
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement with them all relationships and other matters that may
of the standalone financial statements, whether due reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures where applicable, related safeguards.
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
From the matters communicated with those charged with
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
governance, we determine those matters that were of most
for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
significance in the audit of the standalone financial statements
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
the override of internal control.
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to matter should not be communicated in our report because
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably
appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3) be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our such communication.
opinion on whether the company has adequate internal
financial controls with reference to financial statements
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory
in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
Requirements
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order,
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government of
and related disclosures made by the Management and
India in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in
Board of Directors.
the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in
 Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis
2 A. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
of accounting in preparation of standalone financial
statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, a. We have sought and obtained all the information
whether a material uncertainty exists related to events and explanations which to the best of our
or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the knowledge and belief were necessary for the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If purposes of our audit.
we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we
b. In our opinion, proper books of account as required
are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report
by law have been kept by the Company so far as
to the related disclosures in the standalone financial
it appears from our examination of those books
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to
except for the matters stated in the paragraph
modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
2(B)(f) below on reporting under Rule 11(g) of the
audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.
report. However, future events or conditions may cause
the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. c. The standalone balance sheet, the standalone
statement of profit and loss (including other
 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content
comprehensive income), the standalone statement
of the standalone financial statements, including the
of changes in equity and the standalone statement
disclosures, and whether the standalone financial
of cash flows dealt with by this Report are in
statements represent the underlying transactions and
agreement with the books of account.
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
d. In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial
We communicate with those charged with governance of the
statements comply with the Ind AS specified under
Company and such other entities included in the standalone
Section 133 of the Act.
financial statements of which we are the independent
auditors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
421 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

e. On the basis of the written representations the best of its knowledge and belief, other
received from the directors of the Company and its than as disclosed in the Note 49 (IV) to the
joint operation company (including its subsidiary standalone financial statements, no funds
company) as on 1 April 2025 to 10 April 2025 taken have been advanced or loaned or invested
on record by the respective Board of Directors, (either from borrowed funds or share premium
none of the directors is disqualified as on 31 March or any other sources or kind of funds) by the
2025 from being appointed as a director in terms of Company and its joint operation company
Section 164(2) of the Act. (including its subsidiary company) to or in
any other person(s) or entity(ies), including
f. the modification relating to the maintenance of
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the
accounts and other matters connected therewith
understanding, whether recorded in writing or
are as stated in the paragraph 2(A)(b) above on
otherwise, that the Intermediary shall directly
reporting under Section 143(3)(b) of the Act and
or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or
paragraph 2B(f) below on reporting under Rule
entities identified in any manner whatsoever
11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors)
by or on behalf of the Company and its joint
Rules, 2014.
operation company (including its subsidiary
g. With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial company) (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or
controls with reference to financial statements provide any guarantee, security or the like on
of the Company and its joint operation company behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(including its subsidiary company) incorporated
(ii) The respective management of the Company
in India and the operating effectiveness of such
and its joint operation company (including its
controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure
subsidiary company) incorporated in India
B”.
whose financial statements has been audited
B. With respect to the other matters to be included in under the Act has represented to us that, to the
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the best of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our in the Note 49 (V) to the standalone financial
opinion and to the best of our information and according statements, no funds have been received
to the explanations given to us: by the Company and its joint operation
company (including its subsidiary company)
a. The Company has disclosed the impact of
from any person(s) or entity(ies), including
pending litigations as at 31 March 2025 on its
foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the
financial position in its standalone financial
understanding, whether recorded in writing
statements - Refer Note 39 to the standalone
or otherwise, that the Company and its joint
financial statements.
operation company (including its subsidiary
b. The Company has made provision, as required company) shall directly or indirectly, lend or
under the applicable law or accounting standards, invest in other persons or entities identified
for material foreseeable losses, if any, on long-term in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of
contracts including derivative contracts – Refer the Funding Parties (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”)
Note 50 (ii) to the standalone financial statements. or provide any guarantee, security or the like
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
c. There is one instance of delay in transferring
amounts, required to be transferred, to the (iii) Based on the audit procedures that have been
Investor Education and Protection Fund by the considered reasonable and appropriate in
Company amounting to Rs. 0.08 crores during the the circumstances, nothing has come to our
year. Further, there were no amounts which were notice that has caused us to believe that the
required to be transferred to the Investor Education representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of
and Protection Fund by the joint operation Rule 11(e), as provided under (i) and (ii) above,
company (including its subsidiary company). contain any material misstatement.
d. (i) The respective management of the Company e. The final dividend paid by the Company during
and its joint operation company (including its the year, in respect of the same declared for the
subsidiary company) incorporated in India previous year, is in accordance with Section 123
whose financial statements has been audited of the Act to the extent it applies to payment
under the Act has represented to us that, to of dividend.
80th Integrated Annual Report
422
2024-25

As stated in Note 21(B)(g) to the standalone feature was not enabled in respect of
financial statements, the Board of Directors of the direct create action at the database level.
Company has proposed final dividend for the year
• its payroll records, the feature of
which is subject to the approval of the members
recording audit trail (edit log) facility was
at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The
not enabled for the period from 1 April
dividend declared is in accordance with Section
2024 to 21 March 2025.
123 of the Act to the extent it applies to declaration
of dividend. Further, where audit trail (edit log) facility was enabled
and operated, we did not come across any instance of
The interim dividend declared and paid by the joint
the audit trail feature being tampered with. Additionally,
operation company during the year is in accordance
except where the audit trail (edit log) facility was not
with Section 123 of the Act.
enabled in the previous year, the audit trail has been
f. Based on our examination which included test preserved by the Company and its joint operation
checks, except for the instances mentioned below, company (including its subsidiary company) as per the
the Company and its joint operation company statutory requirements for record retention, except
(including its subsidiary company) have used for the accounting software used for preparation of
accounting softwares for maintaining its books financial statements where the audit trail has not
of account which, along with privilege access been preserved.
management tool, wherever applicable, have a
C. With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditor’s
feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility
Report under Section 197(16) of the Act:
and the same has operated throughout the year
for all relevant transactions recorded in the In our opinion and according to the information and
respective softwares: explanations given to us the remuneration paid by
the Company to its directors during the current year
i. In respect of the Company, the feature of
is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of
recording audit trail (edit log) facility was not
the Act. The remuneration paid to any director by the
enabled at the database level to log any direct
Company is not in excess of the limit laid down under
data changes for the accounting software
Section 197 of the Act. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs
used for maintaining price master, variable
has not prescribed other details under Section 197(16)
marketing expenses and time records for
of the Act which are required to be commented upon
product development cost.
by us.
ii. In respect of the Company, in the absence of
Further, with respect to the joint operation company
coverage of audit trail (edit log) with respect
(including its subsidiary company) included in the
to database level in the independent auditor’s
standalone financial statements, in our opinion and
report in relation to controls at the service
according to the information and explanations given
organization for accounting software used for
to us, the provisions of Section 197 of the Act are not
preparation of financial statements, which
applicable to the joint operation company (including its
is operated by third party software service
subsidiary company) incorporated in India since it is not
provider, we are unable to comment whether
a public company.
the audit trail feature of the database
level of the said software was enabled and For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
operated throughout the year for all relevant
Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
transactions recorded in the software.
iii. In respect of the joint operation company
(including its subsidiary company), for the Vijay Mathur
Partner
accounting software used for maintaining:
Membership No.: 046476
ICAI UDIN:25046476BMOWLY1411
• its general ledger, the feature of
recording audit trail (edit log) facility Place: Mumbai
was not enabled from 1 April 2024 to Date: 13 May 2025
29 January 2025. Further, the audit trail
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
423 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Annexure A to the Independent Auditor’s Report on the Standalone Financial Statements of Tata
Motors Limited for the year ended 31 March 2025
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of
our report of even date)
(i) (a) (A) The Company has maintained proper records lying with third parties at the year-end, written
showing full particulars, including quantitative confirmations have been obtained and for goods-
details and situation of Property, Plant in-transit subsequent evidence of receipts has
and Equipment. been linked with inventory records. In our opinion,
the frequency of such verification is reasonable
(B) The Company has maintained proper records
and procedures and coverage as followed by
showing full particulars of intangible assets.
management were appropriate. No discrepancies
(b) According to the information and explanations were noticed on verification between the physical
given to us and on the basis of our examination stocks and the book records that were more than
of the records of the Company, the Company has 10% in the aggregate of each class of inventory.
a regular programme of physical verification of
(b) According to the information and explanations
its Property, Plant and Equipment by which all
given to us and on the basis of our examination of
property, plant and equipment are verified in
the records of the Company, the Company has been
a phased manner over a period of three years.
sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five
In accordance with this programme, certain
crore rupees, in aggregate, from banks or financial
property, plant and equipment were verified
institutions on the basis of security of current
during the year. In our opinion, this periodicity of
assets. In our opinion, the quarterly returns or
physical verification is reasonable having regard
statements filed by the Company with such banks
to the size of the Company and the nature of its
or financial institutions are in agreement with the
assets. No material discrepancies were noticed on
books of account of the Company.
such verification.
(iii) According to the information and explanations given to us
(c) According to the information and explanations
and on the basis of our examination of the records of the
given to us and on the basis of our examination
Company, the Company has not provided any securities
of the records of the Company, the title deeds of
to companies, firms, limited liability partnership or
immovable properties (other than immovable
any other parties during the year. The Company has
properties where the Company is the lessee and
granted loans, secured or unsecured to employees and
the leases agreements are duly executed in favour
companies, granted advances in the nature of loans to
of the lessee) disclosed in the standalone financial
employees and other parties, provided guarantees to
statements are held in the name of the Company.
other parties and made investments in companies. The
(d) According to the information and explanations Company has not made any investments in or granted
given to us and on the basis of our examination any loans, secured or unsecured, to firms or limited
of the records of the Company, the Company has liability partnership.
not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment
(a) Based on the audit procedures carried on by us
(including Right of Use assets) or intangible assets
and as per the information and explanations given
or both during the year.
to us the Company has granted loans, secured or
(e) According to the information and explanations unsecured, granted advances in the nature of loans
given to us and on the basis of our examination to companies, employees and other parties and
of the records of the Company, there are no provided guarantees to other parties as below:
proceedings initiated or pending against the
Company for holding any benami property under
the Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions
Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
(ii) (a) The inventory, except goods-in-transit and stocks
lying with third parties, has been physically verified
by the management during the year.For stocks
80th Integrated Annual Report
424
2024-25

Advances in the Thus, there has been no default on the part of
Loans Guarantees given
Particulars (Rs. in crores) nature of loan (Rs. in crores) the party to whom the money has been lent. The
(Rs. in crores)
payment of interest has been regular. Further, the
Aggregate
Company has given advance in the nature of loans
amount during
the year to two suppliers as mentioned below:
Subsidiaries* 4,245 - -
Amount
Name of Entity Remarks
Others (Rs. Crores)
-Employees 64 22 - Ganage Pressings 5 These amounts were due for
-Vendors - - - Private Limited repayment in earlier years but
Rojee Tasha Stampings 21 have not yet been collected
-Banks / Financial - - 1,068
Private Limited as at 31 March 2025.
Institutions
Balance (d) According to the information and explanations
outstanding given to us and on the basis of our examination of
(gross) as at
the records of the Company, there is no overdue
balance sheet
amount for more than ninety days in respect of
date
loans and advances in the nature of loans given,
Subsidiaries* 3,879 - -
except in case of two wholly-owned subsidiaries
Others
outside India and two suppliers as reported in para
-Employees 42 15 -
iii (c) above.
-Vendors - 26 -
(e) According to the information and explanations
-Banks / Financial 4,517
given to us and on the basis of our examination
Institutions
of the records of the Company, there is no loan
*As per the Companies Act, 2013 or advance in the nature of loan granted falling
due during the year, which has been renewed
(b) According to the information and explanations given
or extended or fresh loans granted to settle the
to us and based on the audit procedures conducted
overdues of existing loans given to same parties.
by us, in our opinion the investments made during
the year and the terms and conditions of the grant (f) According to the information and explanations
of loans, secured or unsecured, advances in the given to us and on the basis of our examination
nature of loans, and guarantees given during the of the records of the Company, in our opinion
year are, prima facie, not prejudicial to the interest the Company has not granted any loans or
of the Company. The Company has not provided advances in the nature of loans either repayable
any securities during the year. on demand or without specifying any terms or
period of repayment except for the following loans
(c) According to the information and explanations
or advances in the nature of loans to its related
given to us and on the basis of our examination of
parties as defined in Clause (76) of Section 2 of the
the records of the Company, in the case of loans
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”):.
given, in our opinion the repayment of principal
and payment of interest has been stipulated and Related Parties
the receipts have been regular except in case of (Rs. in crores)
two wholly-owned subsidiaries outside India where Aggregate of loans/advances in nature of loan
cumulative principal amount of Rs. 619 crores and - Repayable on demand (A) 3,033
cumulative interest amount of Rs. 191 crores which - Agreement does not specify any terms or period -
was due for repayment in earlier years has not been of Repayment (B)
collected as at 31 March 2025, since management Total (A+B) 3,033
believes that these amounts are not recoverable
Percentage of loans/advances in nature of loan to 78%
as these subsidiaries are in losses and the amounts the total loans
have been provided for in the financial statements
of the Company. Further, loans amounting to (iv) According to the information and explanations given to
Rs. 3,033 crores have been given to another four us and on the basis of our examination of records of the
wholly owned subsidiaries which is repayable on Company, in respect of investments made, loans and
demand. As informed to us, the Company has not guarantees given by the Company, in our opinion the
demanded repayment of the loans during the year. provisions of Section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act,
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
425 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

2013 (“the Act”) have been complied with. There are no including Goods and Services Tax (‘GST’), Provident
securities given by the Company. fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income-Tax,
Duty of Customs, Cess and other statutory dues
(v) According to the information and explanations given
have generally been regularly deposited with the
to us, the Company has not accepted any deposits or
appropriate authorities, except for Provident fund
amounts which are deemed to be deposits from the
dues referred to in Note 39 to the standalone
public during the year. In respect of unclaimed deposits,
financial statements.
the Company has complied with the provisions of Section
73 to 76 of the Act and the rules framed thereunder. According to the information and explanations
given to us and on the basis of our examination
(vi) We have broadly reviewed the books of accounts
of the records of the Company, no undisputed
maintained by the Company pursuant to the rules
amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service
prescribed by the Central Government for maintenance
Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance,
of cost records under Section 148(1) of the Act in respect
Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess or other
of its manufactured goods and services provided by it
statutory dues were in arrears as at 31 March 2025
and are of the opinion that prima facie, the prescribed
for a period of more than six months from the
accounts and records have been made and maintained.
date they became payable. We draw attention to
However, we have not carried out a detailed examination
Note 39 to the financial statements which more
of the records with a view to determine whether these
fully explains the matter regarding nonpayment of
are accurate or complete.
provident fund contribution pursuant to Supreme
(vii) (a) The Company does not have liability in respect Court judgement dated 28 February 2019.
of Service tax, Duty of excise, Sales tax and Value
(b) According to the information and explanations
added tax during the year since effective 1 July
given to us and on the basis of our examination
2017, these statutory dues has been subsumed
of the records of the Company, statutory dues
into GST. According to the information and
relating to Goods and Service Tax, Provident Fund,
explanations given to us and on the basis of our
Employees State Insurance, Income-Tax, Duty of
examination of the records of the Company, in our
Customs or Cess or other statutory dues which
opinion, in respect of undisputed statutory dues
have not been deposited on account of any dispute
are as follows:
Amount deposited
Nature of the Statute Nature of the Dues Disputed Dues under protest Period to which the amount Forum where Pending
Amount (Rs in crores) relates
(Rs in crores)
Central Excise Act Excise Duty 89.44 - 2002-03 to 2015-16 Supreme Court
1944
13.70 0.15 1991-92 High Court
1992-93
1993-94
2002-03
2005-06
2006-07
2011-12
207.33 10.17 1991-92 The Custom,Excise and Service
1999-00 Tax Appellate Tribunal
2001-02
2003-04 to 2006-07
2006-07 to 2010-11
2012-13 to 2014-15
2014-15 to 2017-18
2.71 0.13 1995-96, 1997-98, 2000 to Appellate Authority upto
2015 and 2017-18 Commissioner's level
Finance Act 1994 Service Tax 173.93 7.26 2006 to 2018 The Custom,Excise and Service
Tax Appellate Tribunal
80th Integrated Annual Report
426
2024-25

Amount deposited
Nature of the Statute Nature of the Dues Disputed Dues under protest Period to which the amount Forum where Pending
Amount (Rs in crores) relates
(Rs in crores)
Sales Tax Sales Tax 45.12 1.00 1984-85 to 1985-86 High Court
1986-87
1987-88
1988-89
1992-93
1996-97
2002-03 to 2005-06
2010-11
2012-13
2015-16
2016-17
165.68 27.34 1979-80 to 1986-87 State Tribunals
1994-95
1995-96
1997-98
2002-03
2003-04
2005-06 to 2008-09
2009-10 to 2017-19
186.34 20.02 1988-89 to 1990-91 Appellate Authority upto
2007-08 to 2017-18 Commissioner's level
Goods and Goods and 250.36 16.93 2017-18 High Court
Service tax Service tax 2018-19
6.44 0.67 2017-18 The Goods and Services Tax
2018-19 Appellate Tribunal
475.18 21.80 2017-18 Appellate Authority upto
2018-19 Commissioner's level
2019-20
2020-21
2021-22
2024-25
Customs Act Duty of Customs 22.28 16.48 2008-09 High Court
1962 2015-19
19.77 0.48 2019-20 The Custom,Excise and Service
2020-21 Tax Appellate Tribunal
2024-25
2.99 1.73 2018-19 Appellate Authority upto
2019-20 Commissioner's level
2021-22
Octroi Act Octroi 49.10 5.00 2003-04 High Court
2006
17.37 9.79 2008 Supreme Court
Prorperty Tax Property Tax 33.64 - 2001-2025 High Court
175.81 - 2001-2025 Civil Judge Sr. Division, Pune
EmployeesState ESI Contribution 1.70 - 2014-15 ESI Court
Insurance Act, 2015-16
1948
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
427 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Amount deposited
Nature of the Statute Nature of the Dues Disputed Dues under protest Period to which the amount Forum where Pending
Amount (Rs in crores) relates
(Rs in crores)
Provident Fund Provident Fund 14.26 - 2006-07 Central Government Industrial
Tribunal
Road Tax Road Tax 416.19 - 2021-2025 District Transport Officer
RTO Tax RTO Tax 8.36 - 2005 Supreme Court
Income Tax Act, Income Tax 51.73 51.73 AY 2010-11 to AY 2012-13 Income Tax Appellate Tribunal
1961
46.50 43.60 AY 2013-14, 2016-2017, Commissioner of Income Tax
AY 20-21 to AY 22-23 and (Appeals)
erstwhile Tata Motors
Drivelines Limited AY 2016-
17
18.27 18.27 AY 1992-93, AY 1996-97, AY Assessing Officer
2006-07 and AY 2008-09
(viii) According to the information and explanations given to (f) According to the information and explanations
us and on the basis of our examination of the records given to us and procedures performed by us, we
of the Company, the Company has not surrendered or report that the Company has not raised loans
disclosed any transactions, previously unrecorded as during the year on the pledge of securities held
income in the books of account, in the tax assessments in its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate
under the Income Tax Act, 1961 as income during companies (as defined under the Act).
the year.
(x) (a) The Company has not raised any moneys by way of
(ix) (a) According to the information and explanations initial public offer or further public offer (including
given to us and on the basis of our examination of debt instruments). Accordingly, clause 3(x)(a) of the
the records of the Company, the Company has not Order is not applicable.
defaulted in repayment of loans and borrowing or
(b) According to the information and explanations
in the payment of interest thereon to any lender.
given to us and on the basis of our examination
(b) According to the information and explanations of the records of the Company, the Company has
given to us and on the basis of our examination not made any preferential allotment or private
of the records of the Company, the Company placement of shares or fully or partly convertible
has not been declared a wilful defaulter by any debentures during the year. Accordingly, clause
bank or financial institution or government or 3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable.
government authority.
(xi) (a) During the course of our examination of the
(c) In our opinion and according to the information books and records of the Company and according
and explanations given to us by the management, to the information and explanations given to us,
term loans were applied for the purpose for which considering the principles of materiality outlined in
the loans were obtained. Standards on Auditing, we report that no fraud by
the Company or on the Company has been noticed
(d) According to the information and explanations
or reported during the year.
given to us and on an overall examination of the
balance sheet of the Company, as at 31 March (b) According to the information and explanations
2025 we report that the funds raised on short term given to us, no report under sub-section (12) of
basis of Rs 6,022 crores have been used for long Section 143 of the Act has been filed by the auditors
term investment. in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under Rule 13 of the
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with
(e) According to the information and explanations
the Central Government.
given to us and on an overall examination of the
standalone financial statements of the Company, (c) We have taken into consideration the whistle
we report that the Company has not taken any blower complaints received by the Company during
funds from any entity or person on account of or to the year while determining the nature, timing and
meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates extent of our audit procedures.
or joint ventures as defined under the Act.
80th Integrated Annual Report
428
2024-25

(xii) According to the information and explanations given to (xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors
us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, during the year. Accordingly, clause 3(xviii) of the Order
clause 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable. is not applicable.
(xiii) In our opinion and according to the information and (xix) According to the information and explanations given to
explanations given to us, the transactions with related us and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and
parties are in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of expected dates of realisation of financial assets and
the Act, where applicable, and the details of the related payment of financial liabilities, our knowledge of the
party transactions have been disclosed in the standalone Board of Directors and management plans and based
financial statements as required by the applicable on our examination of the evidence supporting the
accounting standards. assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which
causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists
(xiv) (a) Based on information and explanations provided
as on the date of the audit report that the Company
to us and our audit procedures, in our opinion,
is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the
the Company has an internal audit system
date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within
commensurate with the size and nature of
a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We,
its business.
however, state that this is not an assurance as to the
(b) We have considered the internal audit reports future viability of the Company. We further state that
of the Company issued till date for the period our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the
under audit. audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any
assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of
(xv) In our opinion and according to the information and
one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged
explanations given to us, the Company has not entered
by the Company as and when they fall due.
into any non-cash transactions with its directors
or persons connected to its directors and hence, Also refer to the Other Information paragraph of
provisions of Section 192 of the Act are not applicable to our main audit report which explains that the other
the Company. information comprising the information included in
annual report is expected to be made available to us
(xvi) (a) The Company is not required to be registered
after the date of this auditor’s report.
under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India
Act, 1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(a) of the Order (xx) In our opinion and according to the information and
is not applicable. explanations given to us, there is no unspent amount
under sub-section (5) of Section 135 of the Act pursuant
(b) The Company is not required to be registered
to any project. Accordingly, clauses 3(xx)(a) and 3(xx)(b)
under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India
of the Order are not applicable.
Act, 1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(b) of the Order
is not applicable. (xxi) In our opinion and according to the information and
explanations given to us, there are no qualifications or
(c) The Company is not a Core Investment Company
adverse remarks in the Companies (Auditor’s Report)
(CIC) as defined in the regulations made by the
Order, 2020 reports of the joint operation company
Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(c)
(including its subsidiary company) incorporated in India,
of the Order is not applicable.
included in the standalone financial statements.
(d) According to the information and explanations
For B S R & Co. LLP
provided to us, the Group (as per the provisions Chartered Accountants
of the Core Investment Companies (Reserve Bank) Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Directions, 2016) has more than one CIC as part
of the Group. The Group has five CICs which are
registered with the Reserve Bank of India and one Vijay Mathur
Partner
CIC which is not required to be registered with the
Membership No.: 046476
Reserve Bank of India. ICAI UDIN:25046476BMOWLY1411
(xvii) The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current Place: Mumbai
and in the immediately preceding financial year. Date: 13 May 2025
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
429 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Annexure B to the Independent Auditor’s Report on the standalone financial statements of Tata Motors
Limited for the year ended 31 March 2025
Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid standalone financial statements
under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(g) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of
our report of even date)
Opinion Auditing, prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the
extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls
We have audited the internal financial controls with
with reference to financial statements. Those Standards
reference to financial statements of Tata Motors Limited
and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical
(“the Company”) and such company incorporated in India
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain
under the Act which is its joint operation company (including
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal
its subsidiary company) as of 31 March 2025 in conjunction
financial controls with reference to financial statements were
with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the
established and maintained and if such controls operated
Company for the year ended on that date.
effectively in all material respects.
In our opinion, the Company and its joint operation company
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit
(including its subsidiary company) has, in all material
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial
respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference
controls with reference to financial statements and their
to financial statements and such internal financial controls
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial
were operating effectively as at 31 March 2025, based on
controls with reference to financial statements included
the internal financial controls with reference to financial
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls
statements criteria established by such companies considering
with reference to financial statements, assessing the risk
the essential components of such internal controls stated in
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered
based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend
Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”).
on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the
risks of material misstatement of the standalone financial
Management’s and Board of Directors’
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
The respective company’s Management and the Board of sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
Directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with
internal financial controls based on the internal financial reference to financial statements.
controls with reference to financial statements criteria
established by the respective company considering the
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with
essential components of internal control stated in the
Reference to Financial Statements
Guidance Note. These responsibilities include the design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal A company's internal financial controls with reference
financial controls that were operating effectively for to financial statements is a process designed to provide
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
including adherence to the respective company’s policies, reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting principles. A company's internal financial
accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable controls with reference to financial statements include those
financial information, as required under the Act. policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
Auditor’s Responsibility reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
internal financial controls with reference to financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
accordance with the Guidance Note and the Standards on
80th Integrated Annual Report
430
2024-25

may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any
are being made only in accordance with authorisations of
evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
that the internal financial controls with reference to financial
detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of
statements may become inadequate because of changes in
the company's assets that could have a material effect on the
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
financial statements.
or procedures may deteriorate.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Controls with Reference to Financial
Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements, including the Vijay Mathur
Partner
possibility of collusion or improper management override Membership No.: 046476
of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud ICAI UDIN:25046476BMOWLY1411
Place: Mumbai
Date: 13 May 2025
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
431 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Balance Sheet
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
Particulars Notes
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
I. ASSETS
(1) NON-CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Property, plant and equipment 3 (b) 11,551 11,564
(b) Capital work-in-progress 3 (d) 683 645
(c) Right of use assets 4 (b) 637 427
(d) Other intangible assets 5 (b) 1,927 2,354
(e) Intangible assets under development 5 (c) 1,141 589
(f) Financial assets:
(i) Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 6 29,718 28,729
(ii) Other investments 7 1,709 1,586
(iii) Loans 9 255 102
(iv) Other financial assets 11 1,472 1,830
(g) Deferred tax assets (net) 28 - 1,559
(h) Non-current tax assets (net) 908 1,008
(i) Other non-current assets 13 519 483
50,520 50,876
(2) CURRENT ASSETS
(a) Inventories 15 (b) 3,154 3,470
(b) Financial assets:
(i) Investments 8 2,857 1,994
(ii) Trade receivables 16 2,280 2,765
(iii) Cash and cash equivalents 18 (b) 387 3,345
(iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above 19 1,214 1,806
(v) Loans 10 3,060 132
(vi) Other financial assets 12 1,022 548
(c) Current tax assets (net) - 12
(d) Other current assets 14 926 1,099
14,900 15,171
(3) Assets classified as held-for-sale 3 (c) - 37
TOTAL ASSETS 65,420 66,084
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity share capital 20 736 767
(b) Other equity 32,706 29,376
33,442 30,143
LIABILITIES
(1) NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial liabilities:
(i) Borrowings 22 3,626 5,236
(ii) Lease liabilities 270 296
(iii) Other financial liabilities 25 160 253
(b) Provisions 27 (b) 2,222 1,937
(c) Deferred tax liabilities (net) 28 404 50
(d) Other non-current liabilities 29 872 843
7,554 8,615
(2) CURRENT LIABILITIES
(a) Financial liabilities:
(i) Borrowings 23 4,982 8,535
(ii) Lease liabilities 128 123
(iii) Trade payables 24
(a) Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 154 190
(b) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises 10,452 8,637
(c) Acceptances 2,661 4,508
(iv) Other financial liabilities 26 1,088 1,146
(b) Other current liabilities 30 2,800 2,979
(c) Provisions 27(c) 2,135 1,134
(d) Current tax liabilities (net) 24 74
24,424 27,326
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 65,420 66,084
See accompanying notes to financial statements
In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board
For B S R & Co. LLP N CHANDRASEKARAN [DIN: 00121863] P B BALAJI
Chartered Accountants Chairman Group Chief Financial Officer
Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
VIJAY MATHUR GIRISH WAGH [DIN: 03119361] MALOY KUMAR GUPTA [ACS: 24123]
Partner Executive Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 046476
UDIN: 25046476BMOWLY1411
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
Date: May 13, 2025 Date: May 13, 2025
80th Integrated Annual Report
432
2024-25

Statement of Profit and Loss
(₹ in crores)
Notes Year ended Year ended
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Revenue from operations
(a) Revenue 68,869 72,746
(b) Other operating revenue 550 557
I. Total revenue from operations 31 (b) 69,419 73,303
II. Other income 32 (b) 2,796 1,150
III. Total income (I+II) 72,215 74,453
IV. Expenses:
(a) Cost of materials consumed 39,865 45,025
(b) Purchases of products for sale 7,367 7,764
(c) Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and
products for sale 284 (600)
(d) Employee benefits expense 33 4,513 4,308
(e) Finance costs 34 1,122 1,706
(f) Foreign exchange loss (net) 71 255
(g) Depreciation and amortisation expense 2,008 2,017
(h) Product development/engineering expenses 37 1,033 1,105
(i) Other expenses 35 9,488 8,961
(j) Amount transferred to capital and other account 36 (1,213) (1,130)
Total expenses (IV) 64,538 69,411
V. Profit before exceptional items and tax (III-IV) 7,677 5,042
VI. Exceptional items-loss/(gain) (net) 38 325 (2,809)
VII. Profit before tax (V-VI) 7,352 7,851
VIII. Tax expense/(credit) (net):
(a) Current tax 53 114
(b) Deferred tax 1,847 (165)
Total tax expense/(credit) (net) 1,900 (51)
IX. Profit for the year (VII-VIII) 5,452 7,902
X. Other comprehensive income:
(A) (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
(a) Remeasurement losses on defined benefit obligations (net) (6) (72)
(b) Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
income (net) 123 381
(ii) Income tax credit/(expense) relating to items that will not be reclassified
to profit or loss (50) (29)
(B) (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss - gains/(loss) in cash flow
hedges 62 212
(ii) Income tax credit/(expense) relating to items that will be reclassified to
profit or loss (16) (53)
Total other comprehensive income for the year (net of tax) 113 439
XI. Total comprehensive income for the year (IX+X) 5,565 8,341
XII. Earnings per equity share (EPS) 40
(a) Ordinary shares (face value of ₹2 each):
(i) Basic EPS ₹ 15.44 20.61
(ii) Diluted EPS ₹ 15.43 20.60
(b) ‘A’ Ordinary shares (face value of ₹2 each):
(i) Basic EPS ₹ NA 20.71
(ii) Diluted EPS ₹ NA 20.70
See accompanying notes to financial statements
In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board
For B S R & Co. LLP N CHANDRASEKARAN [DIN: 00121863] P B BALAJI
Chartered Accountants Chairman Group Chief Financial Officer
Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
VIJAY MATHUR GIRISH WAGH [DIN: 03119361] MALOY KUMAR GUPTA [ACS: 24123]
Partner Executive Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 046476
UDIN: 25046476BMOWLY1411
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
Date: May 13, 2025 Date: May 13, 2025
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
433 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Statement of Cash Flows
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Cash flows from operating activities:
Profit for the year 5,452 7,902
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation expense 2,008 2,017
Allowance for trade receivables, loans and other receivables 104 114
Discounting of warranty and other provisions 65 (91)
Inventory write down (net) 59 99
Profit on sale of investments in subsidiary - (3,748)
Non cash exceptional items 272 939
Accrual for share-based payments 27 28
Lease charges (Amortisation considered as employee cost) 74 58
Loss/(profit) on sale of assets (net) (including assets scrapped / written off) 35 (32)
Profit on sale of investments at FVTPL (net) (97) (81)
Marked-to-market gain on investments measured at FVTPL (7) (4)
Gain on fair value of below market interest loans (40) (11)
Tax expense/(credit) (net) 1,900 (51)
Finance costs 1,122 1,706
Interest income (419) (201)
Dividend income (1,988) (655)
Unrealized foreign exchange loss (net) 48 534
3,163 621
Cash flows from operating activities before changes in following assets and liabilities 8,615 8,523
Trade receivables 388 (553)
Loans and other financial assets (181) 124
Other current and non-current assets 128 212
Inventories 257 (541)
Trade payables (56) 315
Other current and non-current liabilities (174) 599
Other financial liabilities (51) (52)
Provisions 861 281
Cash generated from operations 9,787 8,908
Income tax (paid)/refund (net) 8 (246)
Net cash from operating activities 9,795 8,662
Cash flows from investing activities:
Payments for property, plant and equipments (987) (1,005)
Payments for other intangible assets (1,056) (986)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipments 113 39
Investments in Mutual Fund (purchase)/sold (net) (793) 1,268
Redemption/(Investments) in Government securities 35 (33)
Investments in associate companies - (150)
Investments in subsidiary companies (1,121) (678)
Redemption of preference shares in a subsidiary company - 14
Loan given to subsidiary companies (183) (16)
Repayment of loan by subsidiary companies 17 -
Sale of investment in a subsidiary company 150 3,812
Increase in short term inter corporate deposit (2,923) (95)
Deposits/restricted deposits with banks (1,748) (1,790)
80th Integrated Annual Report
434
2024-25

(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Realisation of deposits/restricted deposits with banks 2,343 273
Interest received 346 180
Dividend received 1,988 655
Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities (3,819) 1,488
Cash flows used in financing activities:
Proceeds from issue of shares and share application pending allotment (net of issue expenses) 35 82
Proceeds from long-term borrowings 2,076 26
Repayment of long-term borrowings (1,890) (5,949)
Proceeds received on cancellation of 'A' Ordinary shares towards TDS liability (refer note 20 (i)) 1,073 -
Payment towards TDS liability on cancellation of 'A' Ordinary shares (refer note 20 (i)) (1,073) -
Expenses paid on cancellation of 'A' Ordinary shares (63) -
Proceeds from/(Payment of) option settlement of long term borrowings 186 (82)
Net change in other short-term borrowings (with maturity up to three months) (5,391) 757
Repayment of lease liabilities (including interest) (422) (155)
Dividend paid (2,304) (770)
Interest paid [including discounting charges paid, ₹232 crores (March 31, 2024 ₹405 crores)] (1,159) (1,839)
Net cash used in financing activities (8,932) (7,930)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (2,956) 2,220
Cash and cash equivalents as at April 1, (opening balance) 3,345 1,121
Effect of foreign exchange on cash and cash equivalents (2) 4
Cash and cash equivalents as at March 31, (closing balance) 387 3,345
Non-cash transactions:
Liability towards property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets purchased on credit/
deferred credit 391 300
See accompanying notes to financial statements
In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board
For B S R & Co. LLP N CHANDRASEKARAN [DIN: 00121863] P B BALAJI
Chartered Accountants Chairman Group Chief Financial Officer
Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
VIJAY MATHUR GIRISH WAGH [DIN: 03119361] MALOY KUMAR GUPTA [ACS: 24123]
Partner Executive Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 046476
UDIN: 25046476BMOWLY1411
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
Date: May 13, 2025 Date: May 13, 2025
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
435 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

80th Integrated Annual Report
436
2024-25
5202
,13
hcraM
dedne
raey
eht
rof
ytiuqE
ni
segnahC
fo
tnemetatS
latipaC
erahS ytiuqE
.A
)serorc
ni
₹(
sraluctiraP
767
4202
,1 lirpA ta sa ecnalaB
)201(
))i(
02
eton
refer(
serahs
yranidrO
'A' fo notiallecnaC
17
))i(
02
eton
refer(
serahs
yranidrO
'A'
fo notiallecnac
no serahs
yranidrO fo eussI
0
seeyolpme
yb
snotipo
kcots
fo esicrexe
no serahs fo eussI
637
5202 ,13
hcraM ta sa ecnalaB ytiuqE rehtO
.B
)serorc
ni
₹(
ytiuqe
fo
stnenopmoc
rehtO
latipaC
erahS
no( evreser
erutnebeD
latipaC
notiacilppa
desab-erahS
rehto
latoT
fo
tsoC
ytiuqE
deniateR
/)regrem
setiiruceS
gnigdeH
notipmeder
notipmeder
yenom
stnemyap
ytiuqe
gnigdeh
stnemurtsni
sgninrae
fo elas(
muimerP
evreseR
evreser
evreser
gnidnep
evreser
evreser
ICO
hguorht
)ssenisub
tnemtolla
)ten(
673,92
)03(
)3(
548
451,21
016,1
721
2
2
48
585,41
4202
,1 lirpA ta sa ecnalaB
254,5
-
-
-
254,5
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey eht rof tfiorP
tfieneb
denfied
no ssol
tnemerusaemeR
)4(
-
-
-
)4(
-
-
-
-
-
-
)ten( snotiagilbo
711
84
)2(
17
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey
eht rof
)ssol(/emocni
evisneherpmoc rehtO
565,5
84
)2(
17
844,5
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey
eht
rof
emocni
evisneherpmoc latoT
eton
refer(
ynapmoc
yraidisbus
a ni ekats fo elaS
32
-
-
-
-
32
-
-
-
-
-
))6(
6
refer(
ynapmoc
yraidisbus
a ni ekats fo esahcruP
)0(
-
-
-
-
)0(
-
-
-
-
-
))7( 6 eton
-
-
-
-
721
-
)721(
-
-
-
-
evreser
notipmeder
erutnebed
morf refsnarT
-
-
-
-
2
-
-
-
-
)2(
-
snotipo
kcots
despal fo refsnarT
refer(
noticasnart
ytiuqe
ot detaler sesnepxE
)35(
-
-
-
)35(
-
-
-
-
-
-
))i( 02 eton
ynapmoC
eht
fo srenwo
htiw snoticasnarT
dna
serahs
yranidrO
'A' fo
notiallecnac fo tceffE
13
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
13
))i(
02
eton
refer(
)ten(
serahs
yranidrO fo ecnaussi
93
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
93
-
stnemyap
desab-erahS
yb
snotipo
kcots
fo
esicrexe
no deviecer yenoM
53
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
53
-
-
seeyolpme
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)63(
)33(
96
seeyolpme
yb notipo
kcots fo esicrexE
)013,2(
-
-
-
)013,2(
-
-
-
-
-
-
))g(
)B(
12 eton
refer( diap dnediviD
607,23
81
)5(
619
863,51
336,1
-
2
1
88
586,41
5202 ,13
hcraM ta sa ecnalaB
stnemetats
laicnanfi
ot seton gniynapmocca
eeS
draoB
eht
fo
flaheb
no
dna
roF
dehcatta troper ruo fo
smret
nI
IJALAB
B P
]36812100
:NID[
NARAKESARDNAHC
N
PLL .oC &
R S B
roF
recffiO
laicnaniF
feihC
puorG
namriahC
stnatnuoccA deretrahC
220001-W/W842101
:oN notiartsigeR
s’mriF
]32142
:SCA[
ATPUG
RAMUK
YOLAM
]16391130
:NID[
HGAW
HSIRIG
RUHTAM
YAJIV
yraterceS
ynapmoC
rotceriD
evtiucexE
rentraP
674640 :.oN pihsrebmeM 1141YLWOMB67464052
:NIDU
iabmuM
:ecalP
iabmuM
:ecalP
5202
,31
yaM
:etaD
5202 ,31 yaM
:etaD

INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
437 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
4202
,13
hcraM
dedne
raey
eht
rof
ytiuqE
ni
segnahC
fo
tnemetatS
latipaC
erahS
ytiuqE
.A
)serorc
ni
₹(
sraluctiraP
667
3202
,1 lirpA
ta sa ecnalaB
1
seeyolpme
yb
snotipo
kcots
fo esicrexe
no
serahs fo
eussI
767
4202
,13
hcraM
ta sa ecnalaB
ytiuqE
rehtO
.B
)serorc
ni
₹(
ytiuqe
fo
stnenopmoc
rehtO
latipaC
erahS
no( evreser
erutnebeD
latipaC
notiacilppa
desab-erahS
reh
yt
to iu
l qa etoT
g ef no vi
rgt es d so e eC h r
g en vi
rg ed
se eH R
s ICtn O y e t hmi
gu u uq
r oE t rs hn
ti
d sge
nn
ii na
rt ae
eR
)/ sf) sor ee e ng lr ia se s um ( b
no
eti
vp
rm ese
ed rer
no
eti vp
rm ese
ed rer
t ng y n ee i mn do
n tom e lp la
st
en
ve
rm esy
ea
rp
s meti
uii
mru
ec
re PS
)ten(
307,12
)922(
83
115
900,5
016,1
112
2
3
26
684,41
3202
,1 lirpA
ta sa ecnalaB
209,7
-
-
-
209,7
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey
eht rof
tfiorP
tfieneb
denfied
no
ssol
tnemerusaemeR
)35(
-
-
-
)35(
-
-
-
-
-
-
)ten(
snotiagilbo
294
991
)14(
433
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey
eht
rof
)ssol(/emocni
evisneherpmoc
rehtO
143,8
991
)14(
433
948,7
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey
eht
rof
emocni
evisneherpmoc
latoT
-
-
-
-
48
-
)48(
-
-
-
-
evreser
notipmeder
erutnebed
morf refsnarT
)71(
-
-
-
)71(
-
-
-
-
-
-
noticasnart
ytiuqe
ot detaler
sesnepxE
ynapmoC
eht
fo srenwo
htiw
snoticasnarT
93
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
93
-
stnemyap
desab-erahS
yb
snotipo
kcots
fo esicrexe
no deviecer
yenoM
28
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
28
-
-
seeyolpme
)1(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)38(
)71(
99
seeyolpme
yb
notipo
kcots
fo esicrexE
)177(
-
-
-
)177(
-
-
-
-
-
-
diap dnediviD
673,92
)03(
)3(
548
451,21
016,1
721
2
2
48
585,41
4202
,13
hcraM
ta sa ecnalaB
stnemetats
laicnanfi
ot
seton gniynapmocca
eeS
draoB
eht
fo
flaheb
no dna
roF
dehcatta
troper
ruo
fo
smret
nI
IJALAB
B
P
]36812100
:NID[
NARAKESARDNAHC
N
PLL
.oC
&
R S B
roF
recffiO
laicnaniF
feihC
puorG
namriahC
stnatnuoccA
deretrahC
220001-W/W842101
:oN notiartsigeR
s’mriF
]32142
:SCA[
ATPUG
RAMUK
YOLAM
]16391130
:NID[
HGAW
HSIRIG
RUHTAM
YAJIV
yraterceS
ynapmoC
rotceriD
evtiucexE
rentraP
674640 :.oN
pihsrebmeM
1141YLWOMB67464052
:NIDU
iabmuM
:ecalP
iabmuM
:ecalP
5202
,31
yaM
:etaD
5202
,31
yaM
:etaD

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
1 Background and operations Although not required by Ind AS, the Company has
provided in note 47 additional information of Tata
Tata Motors Limited referred to as (“the Company”
Motors Limited on a standalone basis excluding its
or “Tata Motors”), designs, manufactures and sells a
interest in its Joint Operation viz. Tata Cummins
wide range of automotive vehicles. The Company also
Private Limited (including its subsidiary company).
manufactures engines for industrial applications.
The Company is a public limited Company incorporated (c) Use of estimates and judgments
and domiciled in India and has its registered office at
The preparation of financial statements in
Mumbai, India. As at March 31, 2025, Tata Sons Private
conformity with Ind AS requires management
Limited, together with its subsidiaries owns 42.51% of
to make judgments, estimates and assumptions,
the Ordinary shares of the Company and has the ability
that affect the application of accounting policies
to significantly influence the Company’s operations.
and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities
and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities
The standalone financial statements were approved by
at the date of these financial statements and the
the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on May
reported amounts of revenues and expenses for
13, 2025.
the periods presented. Actual results may differ
from these estimates and judgements.
2 Material accounting policies
(a) Statement of compliance Estimates
These financial statements have been prepared Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards at each balance sheet date. Revisions to accounting
(“Ind AS”) as notified under the Companies (Indian estimates are recognised in the period in which the
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 read with estimate is revised and future periods affected.
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”)
In particular, information about significant areas
as amended from time to time.
of estimation uncertainty and critical judgments
in applying accounting policies that have the
(b) Basis of preparation
most significant effect on the amounts recognised
These financial statements have been prepared in the financial statements are included in the
on historical cost basis except for certain financial following notes:
instruments which are measured at fair value at
i) Note 3 and Note 5 - Property, plant and
the end of each reporting period as explained
equipment and Intangible assets- useful life
in the accounting policies below. All amounts
and impairment
have been rounded to the nearest crores, unless
otherwise indicated. “0” refers to amounts less ii) Note 27 - Provision for product warranty
than ₹ 0.50 crore.
iii) Note 33(B) - Assets and obligations relating to
employee benefits
Joint operations :
Certain of the Company’s activities, are conducted Judgements
through a joint operation, which is a joint
i) Revenue recognition: The Company uses
arrangement whereby the parties that have joint
judgement to determine when control of its
control of the arrangement have rights to the
goods, primarily vehicles and parts, pass to
assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating
the customer. This is assessed with reference
to the arrangement. As per Ind AS 111 - Joint
to indicators of control, including the risks
arrangements, in its separate financial statements,
and rewards of ownership and legal title
the Company being a joint operator has recognised
with reference to the underlying terms of
its share of the assets, liabilities, income and
the customer contract. Refer to note 31 for
expenses of these joint operations incurred jointly
further information.
with the other partners, along with its share of
income from the sale of the output and any assets, ii) Capitalisation of product engineering
liabilities and expenses that it has incurred in costs: The Company applies judgement
relation to the joint operation. in determining at what point in a vehicle
programme’s life cycle the recognition
80th Integrated Annual Report
438
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
criteria under Ind AS 38 are satisfied, and in (the ‘Going Concern Assessment Period’ and the
determining the nature of the cost capitalised. ‘Foreseeable Future’).
Refer to note 5 for further information.
In developing these forecasts, the Company has
modelled a base case, which has been further
(d) Cost recognition
sensitised using severe but plausible downside
Costs and expenses are recognised when incurred scenarios. It also accounts for other end-market
and are classified according to their nature. and operational factors throughout the Going
Expenditure are capitalized where appropriate, in Concern Assessment Period. This has been further
accordance with the policy for internally generated sensitized using more severe but plausible scenarios
intangible assets and represents employee costs, considering external market commentaries and
stores and other manufacturing supplies, and other other factors impacting the global economy and
expenses incurred for construction and product automotive industry. Management do not consider
development undertaken by the Company. more extreme scenarios than the ones assessed to
be plausible.
Material and other cost of sales as reported in the
statement of profit and loss is presented net of In evaluating the forecasts, the Company has
the impact of realised foreign exchange relating to taken into consideration both the sufficiency of
derivatives hedging cost exposures. liquidity to meet obligations as they fall due as well
as potential impact on compliance with financial
(e) Segments
covenants during the forecast period. These
The Company primarily operates in the automotive forecasts indicate that, based on cash generated
business and has a single segment of commercial from operations, the existing funding facilities and
vehicles. The Company has opted for an exemption inter corporate deposits from subsidiaries, the
as per para 4 of Ind AS 108. Segment information is Company will have sufficient liquidity to operate
thus given in the consolidated financial statements and discharge its liabilities as they become due,
of the Company. without breaching any relevant covenants and the
need for any mitigating actions.
(f) Foreign currency
Based on the evaluation described above,
These financial statements are presented in Indian management believes that the Company has
rupees, which is the functional currency of Tata sufficient financial resources available to it at the
Motors Limited. date of approval of these financial statements and
that it will be able to continue as a ‘going concern’
Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded
in the foreseeable future and for a period up to
at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of
September 30, 2026.
transaction. Foreign currency denominated
monetary assets and liabilities are re-measured
(h) Impairment
into the functional currency at the exchange rate
prevailing on the balance sheet date. At each balance sheet date, the Company assesses
whether there is any indication that any property,
Exchange differences arising on settlement of
plant and equipment and intangible assets with
transactions and translation of monetary items
finite lives may be impaired. If any such impairment
are recognized in the statement of Profit or Loss
exists the recoverable amount of an asset is
except to the extent, exchange differences which
estimated to determine the extent of impairment,
are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs
if any. Where it is not possible to estimate the
on foreign currency borrowings, are capitalized as
recoverable amount of an individual asset, the
part of borrowing costs.
Company estimates the recoverable amount of the
cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
(g) Going concern
Intangible assets not yet available for use, are
The Company’s financial statements have been
tested for impairment annually at each balance
prepared on a going concern basis.
sheet date, or earlier, if there is an indication that
The Company has performed an assessment of the asset may be impaired.
its financial position as at March 31, 2025 and
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less
forecasts of the Company for a period of eighteen
costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in
months from the date of these financial statements
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
439 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted Freehold land is measured at cost and is not depreciated.
to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate
Cost includes purchase price, non-recoverable taxes
that reflects current market assessments of the
and duties, labour cost and direct overheads for self-
time value of money and the risks specific to the
constructed assets and other direct costs incurred up to
asset for which the estimates of future cash flows
the date the asset is ready for its intended use.
have not been adjusted.
Subsequent expenditure relating to property, plant and
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-
equipment is capitalised only when it is probable that
generating unit) is estimated to be less than its
future economic benefits associated with these will flow
carrying amount, the carrying amount of the
to the Company and the cost of the item can be measured
asset (or cash-generating unit) is reduced to
reliably. Repairs and maintenance costs are recognized
its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is
in the statement of profit and loss when incurred.
recognised immediately in the statement of Profit
and Loss. Interest cost incurred is capitalised up to the date the
asset is ready for its intended use for qualifying assets,
An asset or cash-generating unit impaired in prior
based on borrowings incurred specifically for financing
years is reviewed at each balance sheet date
the asset or the weighted average rate of all other
to determine whether there is any indication
borrowings, if no specific borrowings have been incurred
of a reversal of impairment loss recognized in
for the asset.
prior years.
Depreciation is provided on the Straight Line Method
(i) Recent accounting pronouncements (SLM) over the estimated useful lives of the assets
considering the nature, estimated usage, operating
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new
conditions, past history of replacement, anticipated
standards or amendments to the existing standards
technological changes, manufacturers’ warranties
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)
and maintenance support. Taking into account these
Rules as issued from time to time. During the year
factors, the Company has decided to retain the useful
ended March 31, 2025, MCA has notified Ind AS
life hitherto adopted for various categories of property,
117 - Insurance Contracts and amendments to Ind
plant and equipments, which are different from those
As 116 – Leases, relating to sale and lease back
prescribed in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013.
transactions, applicable from April 1, 2024. The
Company has assessed that there is no significant Estimated useful lives of assets are as follows:
impact on its financial statements.
Estimated useful life
On May 9, 2025, MCA notifies the amendments to Type of Asset (years)
Ind AS 21 - Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Buildings, Roads, Bridge and culverts 4 to 60 years
Rates. These amendments aim to provide clearer
Plant, machinery and equipment 8 to 20 years
guidance on assessing currency exchangeability
Computers and other IT assets 4 to 6 years
and estimating exchange rates when currencies
Vehicles 4 to 10 years
are not readily exchangeable. The amendments are
Furnitures, fixtures and office equipment 5 to 15 years
effective for annual periods beginning on or after
April 1, 2025. The Company is currently assessing
The useful lives are reviewed at each year end. Changes
the probable impact of these amendments on its
in expected useful lives are treated as change in
financial statements.
accounting estimates.
Depreciation is not recorded on capital work-in-progress
3 Property, plant and equipment
until construction and installation are complete and the
(a) Accounting policy asset is ready for its intended use.
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized
of acquisition or construction less accumulated on disposal. Any gain or loss arising from derecognition
depreciation and impairment, if any. of an item of property, plant and equipment is included
in the statement of profit and loss.
80th Integrated Annual Report
440
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
441 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
tnempiuqe
dna
tnalp
,ytreporP
)b(
)serorc
ni
₹(
esael
no
neviG
stessa
denwO
erutinruF
latoT
,tnalP
&
sretupmoC
serutxfi
,tnalP
selciheV
dna
yrenihcam
selciheV
dna
yrenihcam
sgnidliuB
dnaL
stessa
TI
rehto
ecffiO
dna
stnempiuqe
tnempiuqe
tnempiuqE
216,52
-
63
706
801
241
248,71
118,2
660,4
4202
,1 lirpA
ta
sa
tsoC
150,1
62
31
25
62
7
868
95
-
snotiiddA
)204(
-
-
)93(
)31(
)9(
)151(
)62(
*)461(
stnemtsujdA/lasopsiD
162,62
62
94
026
121
041
955,81
448,2
209,3
5202
,13
hcraM
ta
sa
tsoC
)840,41(
-
)03(
)034(
)77(
)711(
)101,21(
)122,1(
)27(
4202
,1
lirpA
ta
sa
notiaicerped
detalumuccA
)659(
)5(
)1(
)84(
)8(
)5(
)697(
)39(
-
raey
eht
rof
notiaicerpeD
492
-
-
23
21
9
941
02
27
stnemtsujdA/lasopsiD
)017,41(
)5(
)13(
)644(
)37(
)311(
)847,21(
)492,1(
-
5202
,13
hcraM
ta
sa
notiaicerped
detalumuccA
155,11
12
81
471
84
72
118,5
055,1
209,3
5202
,13
hcraM
ta
sa
tnuoma
gniyrrac
teN
688,42
-
63
445
131
141
141,71
118,2
280,4
3202
,1 lirpA
ta
sa
tsoC
359
-
-
86
5
4
728
94
-
snotiiddA
)561(
-
-
)5(
)82(
)3(
)621(
)3(
-
stnemtsujdA/lasopsiD
)26(
-
-
-
-
-
-
)64(
)61(
elas-rof-dleh
sa
defiissalc
stessA
216,52
-
63
706
801
241
248,71
118,2
660,4
4202
,13
hcraM
ta
sa
tsoC
)871,31(
-
)92(
)483(
)49(
)511(
)814,11(
)831,1(
-
3202
,1
lirpA
ta
sa
notiaicerped
detalumuccA
)089(
-
)1(
)15(
)11(
)5(
)908(
)301(
-
raey
eht
rof
notiaicerpeD
62
-
-
-
-
-
-
62
-
elas-rof-dleh
sa
defiissalc
stessA
561
-
-
5
82
3
621
3
-
stnemtsujdA/lasopsiD
)18(
-
-
-
-
-
-
)9(
)27(
stessa
fo
tnemriapmI
)840,41(
-
)03(
)034(
)77(
)711(
)101,21(
)122,1(
)27(
4202
,13
hcraM
ta
sa
notiaicerped
detalumuccA
465,11
-
6
771
13
52
147,5
095,1
499,3
4202
,13
hcraM
ta
sa
tnuoma
gniyrrac
teN
notiisnart
SA
dnI
ni
enod
eulav
riaf
fo lasrever
sedulcni*

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(c) Assets classified as held-for-sale
Assets classified as held-for-sale if it is highly probable that they will be recovered primarily through sale rather than
through continuing use. Such assets are generally measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs
to sell. Once classified as held-for-sale, property, plant and equipment are no longer depreciated. The Company has stated
below assets held-for-sale at fair value less costs to sell:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Land - 16
Building - 21
Total - 37
(d) Capital Work-in-Progress
(₹ in crores)
For the year ended, For the year ended,
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 645 576
Additions 1,089 1,022
Capitalised during the year (1,051) (953)
Balance at the end 683 645
(e) Ageing of Capital work-in-progress
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Projects in progress 651 21 2 9 683
Projects temporarily suspended - - - - -
As at March 31, 2025 651 21 2 9 683
As at March 31, 2024
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Projects in progress 588 29 8 20 645
Projects temporarily suspended - - - - -
As at March 31, 2024 588 29 8 20 645
(f) Expected Completion schedule of Capital work-in-progress where cost or time overrun has
exceeded original plan
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
To be completed
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Project in Progress
Project 1 - - - - -
Other Projects* 103 - - - 103
103 - - - 103
As at March 31, 2024
To be completed
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Project in Progress
Project 1 - - - - -
Other Projects* 249 5 - - 254
249 5 - - 254
*Individual projects less than ₹ 50 crores have been clubbed together in other projects.
Original plan is considered as that plan which is approved and on the basis of which implementation progress is evaluated.
Such original plan includes management’s estimates and assumptions w.r.t future business, economy / industry and
regulatory environments.
80th Integrated Annual Report
442
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
4 Leases
(a) Accounting policy
Lessee:
At inception of a contract, the Company assesses whether a contract is, or contain a lease. A contract is, or contains,
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Company
assesses whether:
• The contract involves the use of an identified asset –this may be specified explicitly or implicitly, and should be
physically distinct or represent substantially all of the capacity of a physically distinct asset. If the supplier has a
substantive substation right, then the asset is not identified;
• The Company has the right to substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of the asset throughout the
period of use; and
• The Company has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Company has this right when it has the decision
making rights that are most relevant to changing how and for what purposes the asset is used. In rare cases
where the decision about how and for what purpose the asset is used is predetermined, the Company has the
right to direct the use of the asset if either:
• The Company has the right to operate the asset; or
• The Company designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purposes it will be used.
As a practical expedient, accounting standards permit a lessee not to separate non-lease components, and instead
account for any lease and associated non-lease components as a single arrangement. The Company has not used this
practical expedient. At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease component, the Company
allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.
The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use
asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises of the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease
payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and estimated dilapidation
costs, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently amortised using the straight-line
method over the shorter of the useful life of the leased asset or the period of lease. If ownership of the leased asset
is automatically transferred at the end of the lease term or the exercise of a purchase option is reflected in the lease
payments, the right-of-use asset is amortised on a straightline basis over the expected useful life of the leased asset.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at commencement
date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Company’s
incremental borrowing rate. The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is
re-measured when there is a change in future lease payments.
Lease payments include fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments, amounts expected to be payable
under a residual value guarantee, the exercise price of a purchase option if the Company is reasonably certain to
exercise that option and payment of penalties for terminating the lease if the lease term considered reflects that
the Company shall exercise termination option. The Company also recognises a right of use asset which comprises
of amount of initial measurement of the lease liability, any initial direct cost incurred by the Company and estimated
dilapidation costs.
Payment made towards short term leases (leases for which non-cancellable term is 12 months or lesser) and low
value assets (lease of assets worth less than ₹0.03 crores) are recognised in the statement of Profit and Loss as rental
expenses over the tenor of such leases.
Lessor:
At the inception of a lease, the lease arrangement is classified as either a finance lease or an operating lease, based
on contractual terms and substance of the lease arrangement. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially
all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are
classified as operating leases.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
443 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at the amount of the Company’s net
investment in the leases. Finance income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of
return on the Company’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
Rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Initial
direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased
asset and recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
(b) The Company leases a number of buildings, plant and equipment, IT hardware and software assets, certain of which
have a renewal and/or purchase option in the normal course of the business. Extension and termination options
are included in a number of leases across the Company. The majority of extension and termination options held are
exercisable only by the Company and not by the respective lessor. The Company assesses at lease commencement
whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension or termination option. The Company re-assesses whether
it is reasonably certain to exercise options if there is a significant event or significant change in circumstances within
its control. It is recognised that there is potential for lease term assumptions to change in the future and this will
continue to be monitored by the Company where relevant. The Company’s leases mature between 2026 and 2037.
The weighted average rate applied is 8.37% (2024: 8.57%).
The following amounts are included in the Balance Sheet :
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current lease liabilities 128 123
Non-current lease liabilities 270 296
Total lease liabilities 398 419
The following amounts are recognised in the statement of profit and loss :
(₹ in crores)
For the year ended, For the year ended,
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Variable lease payment not included in the measurement of lease liabilities - 0
Income from sub-leasing of right-of-use assets 2 2
Expenses related to short-term leases 2 2
Expenses related to low-value assets, excluding short-term leases of low-value assets 6 4
Note – For repayment of lease liabilities during the year refer note 23 (IV).
Right of use assets (₹ in crores)
Plant, Computers
Land Buildings machinery and Vehicles and other IT Total
equipments assets
Cost as at April 1, 2024 45 238 132 294 13 722
Additions 235 70 4 81 - 390
Disposals/adjustments (2) (92) (10) (51) (0) (155)
Cost as at March 31, 2025 278 216 126 324 13 957
Accumulated amortisation as at April 1,
2024 (3) (119) (58) (107) (8) (295)
Amortisation for the year (2) (59) (11) (0) (3) (75)
Amortisation - considered as employee
cost - - - (74) - (74)
Disposal/adjustments 2 82 7 33 0 124
Accumulated amortisation as at March
31, 2025 (3) (96) (62) (148) (11) (320)
Net carrying amount as at March 31,
2025 275 120 64 176 2 637
80th Integrated Annual Report
444
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
Right of use assets (₹ in crores)
Plant,
Computers &
Land Buildings machinery and Vehicles Total
other IT assets
equipments
Cost as at April 1, 2023 44 237 141 208 12 642
Additions 1 34 11 101 2 149
Disposals/adjustments - (33) (20) (15) (1) (69)
Cost as at March 31, 2024 45 238 132 294 13 722
Accumulated amortisation as at April 1,
2023 (2) (96) (63) (54) (6) (221)
Amortisation for the year (1) (49) (10) - (3) (63)
Amortisation - considered as employee
cost - - - (58) - (58)
Disposal/adjustments - 26 15 5 1 47
Accumulated amortisation as at March
31, 2024 (3) (119) (58) (107) (8) (295)
Net carrying amount as at March 31,
2024 42 118 74 188 5 427
Note: There are no leases with residual value guarantees.
(c) There are certain vehicles which are being given to the customers along with operations and maintenance of the
same. These are accounted as finance lease as the material risks and rewards are transferred to the lessee.
The average effective interest rate contracted approximates between 8.10% to 8.50% (2024: 8.10 % to 8.50%)
per annum.
The following amounts are included in the Balance Sheet :
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current lease receivables (refer note 12) 35 32
Non-current lease receivables (refer note 11) 299 335
Total lease receivables 334 367
The following amounts are recognised in the statement of profit and loss :
(₹ in crores)
For the year ended, For the year ended,
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Sales Revenue for finance leases - -
Finance income on the net investment in finance leases 30 33
The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of finance lease receivables:
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
Total
Due in 3rd to 5th Due beyond 5th
Due in 1st Year Due in 2nd Year contractual cash
Year Year
flows
Total undiscounted lease receivable 62 62 186 142 452
Less: Unearned finance income 27 24 54 13 118
Net investment in lease 35 38 132 129 334
As at March 31, 2024
Total
Due in 3rd to Due beyond
Due in 1st Year Due in 2nd Year contractual cash
5th Year 5th Year
flows
Total undiscounted lease receivable 62 63 187 203 515
Less: Unearned finance income 30 27 64 27 148
Net investment in lease 32 36 123 176 367
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
445 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
5 Other Intangible assets
(a) Accounting policy
Intangible assets purchased are measured at cost or fair value as on the date of acquisition less accumulated
amortisation and impairment, if any.
Amortisation is provided on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives of the intangible assets as per details below:
Estimated amortisation
period
Technical know-how 8 to 10 years
Software 4 years
Product development cost 2 to 10 years
The amortisation period for intangible assets with finite useful lives is reviewed at each year-end. Changes in expected
useful lives are treated as changes in accounting estimates.
Internally generated intangible asset
Research costs are charged to the statement of Profit and Loss in the year in which they are incurred.
Product development costs incurred on new vehicle platform, engines, transmission and new products are recognised
as intangible assets, when feasibility has been established, the Company has committed technical, financial and other
resources to complete the development and it is probable that asset will generate future economic benefits.
The cost of an internally generated intangible asset is the sum of directly attributable expenditure incurred from the
date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria to the completion of its development.
Interest cost incurred is capitalised up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use for qualifying assets, based
on borrowings incurred specifically for financing the asset or the weighted average rate of all other borrowings if no
specific borrowings have been incurred for the asset.
Product development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment, if any.
Amortisation is not recorded on product engineering in progress until development is complete.
Derecognition of intangible assets
An item of intangible assets is derecognized on disposal or when fully amortized and no longer in use. Any gain or loss
arising from derecognition of an item of intangible assets is included in the statement of profit and loss.
(b) Intangible assets consist of the following:
(₹ in crores)
Technical know how Computer Software Product development Total
Cost as at April 1, 2024 597 597 3,824 5,018
Additions 91 47 413 551
Asset fully amortised not in use (242) (60) - (302)
Cost as at March 31, 2025 446 584 4,237 5,267
Accumulated amortisation as at April 1, 2024 (449) (509) (1,706) (2,664)
Amortization for the year (40) (34) (903) (977)
Asset fully amortised not in use 242 59 - 301
Accumulated amortisation as at March 31, 2025 (247) (484) (2,609) (3,340)
Net carrying amount as at March 31, 2025 199 100 1,628 1,927
Cost as at April 1, 2023 565 547 3,018 4,130
Additions 32 59 824 915
Asset fully amortised not in use - (9) (18) (27)
Cost as at March 31, 2024 597 597 3,824 5,018
Accumulated amortisation as at April 1, 2023 (405) (496) (816) (1,717)
Amortization for the year (44) (22) (908) (974)
Asset fully amortised not in use - 9 18 27
Accumulated amortisation as at March 31, 2024 (449) (509) (1,706) (2,664)
Net carrying amount as at March 31, 2024 148 88 2,118 2,354
80th Integrated Annual Report
446
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(c) Intangible assets under development
(₹ in crores)
Year ended, Year ended,
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 589 509
Additions 1,103 1,015
Capitalised during the year (551) (915)
Provision for impairment (0) (20)
Balance at the end 1,141 589
(d) Ageing of intangible assets under development
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
More than
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
3 years
Projects in progress 788 270 43 40 1,141
Projects temporarily suspended - - - - -
As at March 31, 2025 788 270 43 40 1,141
As at March 31, 2024
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Projects in progress 480 66 13 30 589
Projects temporarily suspended - - - - -
As at March 31, 2023 480 66 13 30 589
(e) Expected Completion schedule of intangible assets under development where cost or time
overrun has exceeded original plan
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Projects in progress
Project 1 - 60 - - 60
Other Projects* 192 94 25 - 311
Projects temporarily suspended - - - - -
Project 1 - - - - -
Project 2 - - - - -
Other Projects* - - - - -
192 154 25 - 371
As at March 31, 2024
More than 3
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years Total
years
Projects in progress
Project 1 - - - - -
Other Projects* 69 6 - - 75
Projects temporarily suspended - - - - -
Project 1 - - - - -
Project 2 - - - - -
69 6 - - 75
*Individual projects less than ₹ 50 crores have been clubbed together in other projects.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
447 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
Original plan is considered as that plan which is approved and on the basis of which implementation progress is
evaluated. Such original plan includes management’s estimates and assumptions w.r.t future business, economy /
industry and regulatory environments.
6 Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates measured at cost - non-current
(a) Accounting policy
Investments in Subsidiaries, Joint ventures and Associates are carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses, if
any. Where an indication of impairment exists, the carrying amount of the investment is assessed and written down
immediately to its recoverable amount. On disposal of investments in Subsidiaries, Joint ventures and Associates,
the difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts are recognised in the statement of profit
and loss.
(b) Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates consist of the following:
(₹ in crores)
Face value
per unit
Number Description As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
(Fully paid
up)
(A) Equity shares
i) Subsidiaries
Quoted
21,65,69,816 INR 2 Tata Technologies Limited 160 160
Unquoted
9,41,71,50,000 INR 10 Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited
[Note 7 below] 9,417 9,417
70,00,00,000 INR 10 Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited 785 785
5,00,000 INR 2 TML Commercial Vehicles Limited
(5,00,000 shares issued during the year) 0 -
5,30,59,549 INR 5 Tata Motors Global Services Limited
(formerly known as TML Business Services
Limited) [Note 6 below] 128 255
78,36,00,000 INR 10 TML CV Mobility Solutions Limited
(26,00,00,000 shares issued during the
year) 784 524
7,900 USD - Tata Technologies Inc, (USA) 1 1
1,74,15,93,442 INR 10 TMF Holdings Limited [Note 3 below] 4,024 4,029
21,83,87,096 INR 10 Tata Motors Body Solutions Limited 262 262
2,51,16,59,418 SGD 1 TML Holdings Pte Limited., (Singapore)
[Note 4 and 5 below] 10,159 10,159
13,84,523 EUR 31 Tata Hispano Motors Carrocera S.A.,
(Spain) 61 61
1,220 IDR 8,855 PT Tata Motors Indonesia 0 0
2,12,000 MAD 1,000 Tata Hispano Motors Carroceries Maghreb
S.A., (Morocco) 57 57
1,83,59,203 SGD 1 Tata Precision Industries Pte Limited,
(Singapore) 40 40
75,00,000 INR 10 Tata Motors Insurance Broking and
Advisory Services Limited (25,00,000
bonus shares issued during the year) 19 19
98,97,908 INR 10 Brabo Robotics and Automation Limited 13 13
80th Integrated Annual Report
448
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
Face value
per unit
Number Description As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
(Fully paid
up)
50,00,000 INR 10 Jaguar Land Rover Technology and
Business Services India (P) Limited 2 2
56,50,40,000 INR 10 TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Limited
(36,10,40,000 shares issued during the
year) 565 204
26,477 25,988
Less: Provision for impairment of long-
term investments (169) 26,308 (169) 25,819
ii) Associates
Quoted
29,82,214 INR 10 Automobile Corporation of Goa Limited 108 108
Unquoted
16,000 TK 1,000 NITA Co. Ltd (Bangladesh) 1 1
4,54,28,572 INR 10 Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery
Company Private Limited 239 239
5,23,33,170 INR 10 Tata AutoComp Systems Limited 77 77
1,58,269 INR 10 Freight Commerce Solutions Private
Limited 62 487 62 487
(iii) Joint Venture (JV) (unquoted)
12,22,57,983 INR 100 Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited 2,335 2,335
(B) Investment in Perpetual Debentures
(unquoted)
Subsidiary
5,000 INR 1,000,000 TMF Holdings Limited 500 -
(C) Cumulative Redeemable Preference
shares (unquoted)
Associate
2,27,125 INR 100 Freight Commerce Solutions Private
Limited 88 88
Total 29,718 28,729
Notes :
1. Book Value of quoted investments 268 268
2. Market Value of quoted investments 15,103 22,748
3. Includes option pricing value for call/ put option provided by the Company towards perpetual debt issued by
TMF Holdings Limited.
4. The Company has given a letter of comfort to State Bank of India, Bahrain for USD 100 million (₹855 crores as on
March 31, 2025) against Credit Facility given to TML Holding Pte Limited., Singapore.
5. The Company has given a letter of comfort to Citi Corp International for USD 425 million (₹3,632 crores as on
March 31, 2025) against ECB Bonds issued by TML Holdings Pte Limited., Singapore.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
449 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
6. During the year ended March 31, 2025, Tata Motors Global Services Limited (formerly TML Business Services
Limited) (“TMGSL”) split its share capital of 5,30,59,549 shares having face value of ₹10 each into 10,61,19,098
shares having face value of ₹5 each. Subsequently, the Company sold its investment of 5,30,59,549 shares (face
value of ₹5 each) being 50% stake in TMGSL to another of its wholly owned subsidiary Tata Motors Passenger
Vehicles Limited (“TMPVL”) at fair value basis. Being common control transaction, the difference between sale
consideration and investment value in TMGSL is accounted in capital reserve.
7. During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company purchased 1,50,000 shares (face value of ₹10 each) of Tata
Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited (“TMPVL”) from Tata Motors Global Services Limited (formerly TML Business
Services Limited) (“TMGSL”) at fair value basis. Being common control transaction, the difference between
purchase consideration and investment value in TMGSL is accounted in capital reserve.
7 Investments-non-current
(₹ in crores)
Face value per
Number unit (Fully paid Description As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
up) (INR)
Investment in equity shares measured at fair value
through other comprehensive income
Quoted
5,49,62,950 1 Tata Steel Ltd 848 856
Unquoted
75,000 1,000 Tata International Ltd 185 164
1,383 1,000 Tata Services Ltd 0 0
350 900 The Associated Building Company Ltd 0 0
1,03,10,242 100 Tata Industries Ltd 303 301
33,600 10 Kulkarni Engineering Associates Ltd - -
12,375 1,000 Tata Sons Pvt Ltd 92 88
2,25,00,001 10 Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd 92 95
2,40,000 10 Oriental Floratech (India) Pvt. Ltd - -
43,26,651 10 Tata Capital Ltd 189 82
50,000 10 NICCO Jubilee Park Ltd. 0 861 0 730
Total 1,709 1,586
Notes :
a) Investment in equity shares measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
also include:
(₹)
Face value per unit As at As at
Number Description
(Fully paid up) (INR) March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
50 5 Jamshedpur Co-operative Stores Ltd. 250 250
16,56,517 (M$) 1 Tatab Industries Sdn. Bhd., (Malaysia) 1 1
4 25,000 ICICI Money Multiplier Bond 1 1
100 10 Optel Telecommunications 1,995 1,995
80th Integrated Annual Report
450
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
b) As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(1) Book Value of quoted investments 848 856
(2) Book Value of unquoted investments 861 730
(3) Market Value of quoted investments 848 856
8 Investments-current
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Investments measured at Fair value through profit and loss
Quoted
Mutual funds 2,857 1,961
Investments measured at amortised cost
Quoted
Treasury bills - 33
Total 2,857 1,994
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(1) Book Value of quoted investments 2,857 1,994
(2) Market Value of quoted investments 2,857 1,994
9 Loans-non-current
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Unsecured:
(a) Loans to employees, considered good 18 28
(b) Loan to subsidiaries
Considered good 56 73
Credit impaired 607 607
663 680
Less : Allowances for credit impaired balances (607) 56 (607) 73
(c) Dues from subsidiary company
Tata Hispano Motors Carrocera S.A. 54 54
Less : Allowances for credit impaired balances (54) - (54) -
(d) Others
Considered good 7 1
Credit impaired 21 21
28 22
Less : Allowances for credit impaired balances (21) 7 (21) 1
Secured:
Loan to subsidiary company - Tata Motors Body Solutions
Limited (refer note below) 174 -
Total 255 102
Note – Loan is secured against property, plant and equipment of Tata Motors Body Solutions Limited.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
451 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
10 Loans-current
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Secured :
(a) Finance receivables (net of allowances for credit impaired balances of ₹5 crores and
₹5 crores as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively) - -
Unsecured :
(a) Loans to employees, considered good 18 22
(b) Loan to subsidiary company - TML CV Mobility Solutions Limited 9 -
(c) Intercorporate deposits to subsidiary companies
Considered good 3,033 110
Total 3,060 132
11 Other financial assets - non-current
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Derivative financial instruments 13 406
(b) Restricted deposits 6 9
(c) Finance Lease receivables 299 335
(d) Government Incentives 1,039 1,022
(e) Recoverable from suppliers 62 21
(f) Dues from a subsidiary company - Tata Hispano Motors Carrocera Maghreb S.A.
9 -
(g) Security deposits (net of allowances for credit impaired balances of ₹2 crores and
₹2 crores as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively) 42 35
(h) Other 2 2
Total 1,472 1,830
12 Other financial assets - current
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Derivative financial instruments 482 235
(b) Interest accrued on loans and deposits 38 28
(c) Finance Lease receivables 35 32
(d) Government incentives 257 154
(e) Recoverable from suppliers 122 16
(f) Advances and other receivables (net of allowances for credit impaired balances of
₹44 crores and ₹44 crores as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively) 71 73
(g) Dues from subsidiary companies (refer Note below)
Considered good 15 7
(h) Security deposits 2 3
Total 1,022 548
Note
Dues from subsidiary companies:
(a) Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited 6 6
(b) Tata Hispano Motors Carrocera Maghreb S.A. 3 -
(c) Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited 6 -
(d) TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Limited - 1
Total 15 7
80th Integrated Annual Report
452
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
13 Other non-current assets
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Capital advances 60 44
(b) Taxes recoverable, statutory deposits and dues from government (net of allowances for
credit impaired balances of ₹32 crores and ₹32 crores as at March 31, 2025 and March 31,
2024, respectively) 376 388
(c) Employee benefits (Refer note 33(B)(b)(i)) 56 6
(d) Prepaid expenses 27 45
Total 519 483
14 Other current assets
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Advance to suppliers and contractors (net of allowances for credit impaired balances of
₹55 crores and ₹44 crores as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, respectively) 478 661
(b) Taxes recoverable, statutory deposits and dues from government (net of allowances for
credit impaired balances of ₹76 crores and ₹76 crores as at March 31, 2025 and March 31,
2024, respectively) 269 269
(c) Prepaid expenses 159 144
(d) Employee benefits 2 3
(e) Others 18 22
Total 926 1,099
15 Inventories
(a) Accounting policy
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of raw materials, components and
consumables are ascertained on a moving weighted average basis. Cost, including fixed and variable production
overheads, are allocated to work-in-progress and finished goods determined on a full absorption cost basis. Cost of
inventories also include all other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. Net
realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated cost of completion and
selling expenses.
(b) Inventories consist of the following:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Raw materials and components 734 821
(b) Work-in-progress 240 177
(c) Finished goods 1,808 2,153
(d) Stores and spare parts 116 123
(e) Consumable tools 18 20
(f) Goods-in-transit-Raw materials and components 238 176
Total 3,154 3,470
During the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded inventory write-down expenses of
₹59 crores and ₹99 crores, in the statement of profit and loss, respectively.
Cost of inventories (including cost of purchased products) recognized as expense during the years ended March 31,
2025 and 2024 amounted to ₹ 55,850 crores and ₹ 61,201 crores in the statement of profit and loss, respectively.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
453 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
16 Trade receivables (Unsecured)
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Receivables considered good 2,377 2,882
Credit impaired receivables 490 424
2,867 3,306
Less : Allowance for receivables considered good (97) (117)
Less : Allowance for credit impaired receivables (490) (424)
Total 2,280 2,765
17 Allowance for trade receivables, loans and other receivables
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 1,428 1,431
Allowances made during the year* 104 114
Written off (49) (117)
Balance at the end 1,483 1,428
*Includes ₹46 crores and ₹34 crores netted off in revenue for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
18 Cash and cash equivalents
(a) Accounting policy
Cash and cash equivalents comprises cash on hand, demand deposits and highly liquid investments with an original
maturity of upto three months that are readily convertible into cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of
changes in value.
(b) Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Cash on hand 0 0
(b) Cheques on hand 92 250
(c) Balances with banks 295 583
(d) Deposits with banks - 2,512
Total 387 3,345
19 Other bank balances
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
With upto 12 months maturity:
(a) Earmarked balances with banks (refer note below) 24 156
(b) Bank deposits 1,190 1,650
Total 1,214 1,806
Note :
Earmarked balances with banks as at March 31, 2025 of Nil (as at March 31, 2024 ₹90 crores) is held as security in relation
to repayment of borrowings.
80th Integrated Annual Report
454
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
20 Equity Share Capital
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Authorised:
(i) 5,00,00,00,000 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each (refer note (i) below) 1,000 800
(as at March 31, 2024: 4,00,00,00,000 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
(ii) Nil 'A' Ordinary shares (refer note (i) below) - 200
(as at March 31, 2024: 1,00,00,00,000 ‘A’ Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
(iii) 30,00,00,000 Convertible Cumulative Preference shares of ₹100 each 3,000 3,000
(as at March 31, 2024: 30,00,00,000 shares of ₹100 each)
Total 4,000 4,000
(b) Issued: [Note (h)]
(i) 3,68,20,04,551 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each 736 665
(as at March 31, 2024: 3,32,42,31,560 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
(ii) Nil 'A' Ordinary shares (refer note (i) below) - 102
(as at March 31, 2024: 50,87,36,110 ‘A’ Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
Total 736 767
(c) Subscribed and called up: [Note (h)]
(i) 3,68,13,48,742 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each 736 665
(as at March 31, 2024: 3,32,37,39,001 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
(ii) Nil 'A' Ordinary shares (refer note (i) below) - 102
(as at March 31, 2024: 50,85,02,896 ‘A’ Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
Total 736 767
(d) Calls unpaid-Ordinary shares
310 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each (₹1 outstanding on each) and 260 Ordinary shares of
₹2 each (₹0.50 outstanding on each) (0) (0)
(as at March 31, 2024: 310 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each (₹1 outstanding on each) and
260 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each (₹0.50 outstanding on each) )
(e) Paid-up (c+d): 736 767
(f) Forfeited-Ordinary shares 0 0
Total (e + f) 736 767
(g) The movement of number of shares and share capital
Year ended March 31, 2025 Year ended March 31, 2024
(Number of shares) (₹ in crores) (Number of shares) (₹ in crores)
(i) Ordinary shares
Balance as at April 1 3,32,37,39,001 665 3,32,13,44,325 664
Add: Issuance of shares on cancellation of 'A' Ordinary
shares (refer note (i) below) 35,59,52,028 71 - -
Add: Allotment of shares on exercise of stock options
by employees 16,57,713 0 23,94,676 1
Balance as at March 31 3,68,13,48,742 736 3,32,37,39,001 665
(ii) 'A' Ordinary shares
Balance as at April 1 50,85,02,896 102 50,85,02,896 102
Less: Cancellation of 'A' Ordinary shares (refer note (i)
below) (50,85,02,896) (102) - -
Balance as at March 31 - - 50,85,02,896 102
(h) The entitlements to 6,55,809 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each (as at March 31, 2024 : 4,92,559 Ordinary shares of ₹2 each)
and Nil ‘A’ Ordinary shares (as at March 31, 2024: 2,33,214 ‘A’ Ordinary shares of ₹2 each) are subject matter of various
suits filed in the courts / forums by third parties for which final order is awaited and hence kept in abeyance.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
455 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(i) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares :
• In respect of every Ordinary share of ₹2 each (whether fully or partly paid), voting rights shall be in the same
proportion as the capital paid up on such Ordinary share bears to the total paid up Ordinary share capital of
the Company.
• The dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing
Annual General Meeting.
• In the event of liquidation, the shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Company after
distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholdings.
• The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on July 25, 2023, approved (subject to, inter alia, obtaining the
regulatory and other approvals including from the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”)) a Scheme
of Arrangement (“Scheme”) for reduction, through cancellation of the entire ‘A’ Ordinary Share capital
and in consideration thereof, issue and allotment of New Ordinary Shares in the Company, in the manner as
contemplated in the Scheme.
The Hon’ble NCLT vide Order dated August 2, 2024 sanctioned the Scheme which was effective from September
1, 2024. Accordingly, the Company cancelled 50,85,02,896 ‘A’ Ordinary shares of ₹2.00 each (₹102 crores) and
issued and allotted 35,59,52,028 New Ordinary Shares of ₹2.00 each (₹71 crores) to TML Securities Trust, in
terms of the Scheme. The resultant difference of ₹31 crores is recorded in Securities Premium Account. TML
Securities Trust was able to credit New ordinary Shares to the respective ‘A’ Ordinary shareholders, except
173,389 New Ordinary Shares. Of these 86,411 new Ordinary Shares, have been transferred to Investor Education
and Protection Fund on March 13, 2025. Remaining 86,978 new Ordinary Shares, yet to be transferred to the
ultimate shareholders/beneficial owners by TML Securities Trust as on March 31, 2025, are consolidated in the
standalone financial statements. These 86,978 new Ordinary Shares are presently held in an escrow demat
account of the Company.
The total expenses of ₹70 crores (including ₹53 crores for the year ended March 31, 2025) incurred on the
cancellation of ‘A’ Ordinary Shares have been accounted through retained earnings.
The issue of new Ordinary Shares as consideration for reduction by way of cancellation of ‘A’ Ordinary Shares,
was considered to be ‘Deemed Dividend’ in the hands of ‘A’ Ordinary Shareholders in terms of the Income Tax
Act, 1961. The TDS liability of the Company on the aforesaid ‘Deemed Dividend’, amounting to ₹1,073 crores,
has been funded through sale of requisite number of new Ordinary Shares, in the manner as contemplated in
the Scheme.
(j) Number of shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5 percent of the issued share capital:
As at March 31,
2025 2024
% of Issued Share % of Issued Share
No. of Shares No. of Shares
Capital Capital
(i) Ordinary shares :
(a) Tata Sons Private Limited 40.16% 1,47,82,63,541 43.69% 1,45,21,13,801
(ii) 'A' Ordinary shares :
(a) Tata Sons Private Limited NA NA 7.57% 3,85,11,281
(b) ICICI Prudential Equity & Debt Fund NA NA 8.98% 4,56,42,583
(k) Information regarding issue of shares in the last five years
(a) The Company has not issued any shares without payment being received in cash.
(b) The Company has not issued any bonus shares.
(c) The Company has not undertaken any buy-back of shares
80th Integrated Annual Report
456
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(l) Disclosure of Shareholding of Promoters
As at March 31,
2025 2024
% change during
No. of Shares % of Issued No. of Shares % of Issued the year
Share Capital Share Capital
(i) Ordinary shares :
Tata Sons Private Limited 1,47,82,63,541 40.16% 1,45,21,13,801 43.69% (3.53%)
(ii) ‘A’ Ordinary shares :
Tata Sons Private Limited NA NA 3,85,11,281 7.57% (7.57%)
As at March 31,
2024 2023
% change during
No. of Shares % of Issued No. of Shares % of Issued the year
Share Capital Share Capital
(i) Ordinary shares :
Tata Sons Private Limited 1,45,21,13,801 43.69% 1,45,21,13,801 43.72% (0.03%)
(ii) ‘A’ Ordinary shares :
Tata Sons Private Limited 3,85,11,281 7.57% 3,85,11,281 7.57% -
21 A) Other components of equity
(a) The movement of Equity instruments through Other Comprehensive Income is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning 845 511
Other comprehensive Income for the year 123 382
Income tax relating to gain arising on other comprehensive income where applicable (52) (48)
Balance at the end 916 845
(b) The movement of Hedging reserve is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning (3) 38
(Loss)/Gain recognised on cash flow hedges (5) (3)
Income tax relating to loss recognised on cash flow hedges 1 1
(Gain)/loss reclassified to profit or loss 3 (52)
Income tax relating to (gain)/loss reclassified to profit or loss (1) 13
Balance at the end (5) (3)
(c) The movement of Cost of Hedging reserve is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning (30) (229)
Gain/(loss) recognised on cash flow hedges 68 (40)
Income tax relating to loss/(gain) recognised on cash flow hedges (17) 10
(Gain)/loss reclassified to profit or loss (4) 306
Income tax relating to (gain)/loss reclassified to profit and loss 1 (77)
Balance at the end 18 (30)
(d) Summary of Other components of equity:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income 916 845
Hedging reserve (5) (3)
Cost of hedging reserve 18 (30)
Total 929 812
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
457 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
B) Notes to reserves
a) Capital redemption reserve
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 (the “Companies Act”) requires that where a company purchases its own shares
out of free reserves or securities premium account, a sum equal to the nominal value of the shares so purchased
shall be transferred to a capital redemption reserve account and details of such transfer shall be disclosed in the
balance sheet. The capital redemption reserve account may be applied by the Company, in paying up unissued
shares of the company to be issued to shareholders of the company as fully paid bonus shares. Tata Motors
Limited established this reserve pursuant to the redemption of preference shares issued in earlier years.
b) Debenture redemption reserve (DRR)
The Companies Act requires that where a company issues debentures, it shall create a debenture redemption
reserve out of profits of the Company available for payment of dividend. The company is required to maintain
a Debenture Redemption Reserve of 25% of the value of debentures issued, either by a public issue or on a
private placement basis. The amounts credited to the debenture redemption reserve may not be utilised by the
Company except to redeem debentures. Transfers represent DRR on debentures issued before August 16, 2019
and pertaining to debentures repaid during the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. No DRR is required for
debentures issued after August 16, 2019.
c) Securities premium
The amount received in excess of face value of the equity shares is recognised in Securities Premium.
d) Retained earnings
Retained earnings are the profits that the Company has earned till date, add/(less) any transfers from/(to)
general reserve, securities premium and debenture redemption reserve, dividends or other distributions paid
to shareholders. Retained earnings includes re-measurement gain/(loss) on defined benefit obligations, net of
taxes that will not be reclassified to Profit and Loss.
e) Capital reserve
The capital reserve represents the excess of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the consideration paid/
received or vice versa in a common control sale/transfer of business/investment.
f) Share-based payments reserve
Share-based payments reserve represents amount of fair value, as on the date of grant, of unvested options and
vested options not exercised till date, that have been recognised as expense in the statement of profit and loss till date.
g) Dividends
Any dividend declared by Tata Motors Limited is based on the profits available for distribution as reported in
the statutory financial statements of Tata Motors Limited (standalone) prepared in accordance with Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles in India or Ind AS. Indian law permits the declaration and payment of dividend
out of profits for the year or previous financial year(s) as stated in the statutory financial statements of Tata
Motors Limited (Standalone) prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India,
or Ind AS after providing for depreciation in accordance with the provisions of Schedule II to the Companies
Act. However, in the absence of the said profits, it may declare dividend out of free reserves, subject to certain
conditions as prescribed under the Companies (Declaration and Payment of Dividend) Rules, 2014. Accordingly,
in certain years the net income reported in this Financial Statements may not be fully distributable.
For the year ended March 31, 2025, the Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of ₹6.00 per fully
paid up Ordinary share of ₹2.00 each, subject to approval by the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting,
and if approved, would result in a cash outflow of ₹2,209 crores. The Company has paid a final dividend of
₹3.00 per fully paid up Ordinary shares and ₹3.10 per fully paid up ‘A’ Ordinary shares and a special dividend of
₹3.00 per fully paid up Ordinary share of ₹2.00 each and ₹3.10 per fully paid up ‘A’ Ordinary share of ₹2.00 each
totalling to ₹2,310 crores for the year ended March 31, 2024.
80th Integrated Annual Report
458
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
22 Long-term borrowings
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Secured:
(a) Term loans:
(i) from banks - 10
(ii) others (refer note 23 I (i)) 78 55
78 65
Unsecured:
(a) Privately placed Non-Convertible Debentures 2,998 1,498
(b) Term loans from banks:
Buyer’s line of credit (at floating interest rate) (Capex) (refer note 23 I (iv)) 550 1,175
(c) Senior Notes (refer note 23 I (iii)) - 2,498
3,548 5,171
Total 3,626 5,236
23 Short-term borrowings
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Secured:
Working capital demand loans from banks (refer note II (i) and III) 1,080 -
1,080 -
Unsecured:
(a) Inter corporate deposits from subsidiaries and associates - 6,372
(b) Collaterized debt obligations (refer note II (ii)) 213 311
213 6,683
Current maturities of long-term borrowings (refer note below) 3,689 1,852
Total 4,982 8,535
Note:
Details of Current maturities of long-term borrowings :
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(i) Non Convertible Debentures (Unsecured) (refer note I (ii)) 500 600
(ii) Senior Notes (refer note I (iii)) 2,564 1,152
(iii) Buyers Credit (Capex) (Unsecured) (refer note I (iv)) 625 100
3,689 1,852
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
459 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
I. Information regarding long-term borrowings
(i) Nature of security (on loans including interest accrued thereon) :
The term loan of ₹194 crores (recorded in books at ₹78 crores) is due for repayment from the quarter ending
June 30, 2030 to October 3, 2039, along with a simple interest of 0.01% p.a. The loan is secured by bank guarantee
for the due performance of the conditions as per the terms of the agreement.
(ii) Schedule of repayment and redemption for Non-Convertible Debentures :
(₹ in crores)
As at
Redeemable on
March 31, 2025
Unsecured :
7.65% Non-Convertible Debentures (2028) March 27, 2028 800
7.65% Non-Convertible Debentures (2028) March 24, 2028 700
7.65% Non-Convertible Debentures (2027) March 26, 2027 500
8.50% Non-Convertible Debentures (2027) January 29, 2027 250
8.50% Non-Convertible Debentures (2026) December 30, 2026 250
6.60% Non-Convertible Debentures (2026) May 29, 2026 500
6.95% Non-Convertible Debentures (2026) March 31, 2026 500*
Debt issue cost (2)
Total 3,498
* Classified as Current maturities of long-term borrowings being maturity before March 31, 2026.
(iii) Schedule of repayment of Senior Notes:
(₹ in crores)
Amount As at As at
Redeemable on Currency
(in million) March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
5.750% Senior Notes - 1,152
5.875% Senior Notes May 20, 2025 USD 300 2,564* 2,498
2,564 3,650
* Classified as Current maturities of long-term borrowings being maturity before March 31, 2026.
(iv) The buyer’s line of credit from banks bearing floating interest rate ranging from 6.30% to 6.42%, amounting to
₹1,175 crores is repayable within a maximum period of five years from the drawdown dates. All the repayments
are due from period ending August 29, 2025 to November 30, 2026. The buyer’s line of credit ₹625 crores
classified under Short Term Borrowings-current being maturity before March 31, 2026.
II. Information regarding short-term borrowings
(i) Working capital demand loans from bank is secured, repayable within three months from the drawdown dates
and bearing interest rate 7.32%.
(ii) Tata Cummins Private Limited (“Joint Operation”) discounted trade receivables amounting to ₹213 crores. The
interest rate ranging from 7.20% to 7.75%.
80th Integrated Annual Report
460
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
III. Collateral
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
Assets pledged as collateral/security against borrowings
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current assets including inventories, receivables and book debts 1,080 -
Property, plant and equipment - 22
Total 1,080 22
Note: There are no charges or satisfaction yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.
IV. Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities
(₹ in crores)
Short-term Long-term
Lease liabilities Total
borrowings borrowings *
Balance at April 1, 2024 419 6,684 7,088 14,191
Proceeds from issuance of debt - - 2,076 2,076
Repayment of financing (422) (5,391) (1,890) (7,703)
Fair value adjustment on loans - - (40) (40)
Foreign exchange - - 71 71
Amortisation / EIR adjustments of prepaid
borrowings (net) - - 10 10
Issue of new leases 390 - - 390
Interest accrued 43 - - 43
Lease terminations (32) - - (32)
Balance at March 31, 2025 398 1,293 7,315 9,006
Balance at April 1, 2023 406 5,927 12,946 19,279
Proceeds from issuance of debt - 757 26 783
Repayment of financing (155) - (5,949) (6,104)
Foreign exchange - - 55 55
Fair value adjustment on loans - - (11) (11)
Amortisation / EIR adjustments of prepaid borrowings
(net) - - 21 21
Issue of new leases 149 - - 149
Interest accrued 42 - - 42
Lease terminations (25) - - (25)
Other adjustments/modifications 2 - - 2
Balance at March 31, 2024 419 6,684 7,088 14,191
* includes current maturities of long term borrowings
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
461 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
24 Trade payables
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
Overdue
Not due* More than 3 Total
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years
years
Outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises
(a) Disputed dues - - - - - -
(b) Undisputed dues 153 1 - - 0 154
Total 153 1 - - 0 154
Outstanding dues other than micro and small enterprises
(a) Disputed dues - - - - - -
(b) Undisputed dues 10,127 311 8 1 5 10,452
Total 10,127 311 8 1 5 10,452
Acceptances
(a) Disputed dues - - - - - -
(b) Undisputed dues 2,661 - - - - 2,661
Total 2,661 - - - - 2,661
Balance as at March 31, 2025 12,941 312 8 1 5 13,267
*includes accrued and unbilled
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2024
Overdue
Not due* More than 3 Total
Up to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years
years
Outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises
(a) Disputed dues - - - - - -
(b) Undisputed dues 156 19 14 1 - 190
Total 156 19 14 1 - 190
Outstanding dues other than micro and small enterprises
(a) Disputed dues - - - - - -
(b) Undisputed dues 7,298 1,186 141 12 - 8,637
Total 7,298 1,186 141 12 - 8,637
Acceptances
(a) Disputed dues - - - - - -
(b) Undisputed dues 4,508 - - - - 4,508
Total 4,508 - - - - 4,508
Balance as at March 31, 2024 11,962 1,205 155 13 - 13,335
*includes accrued and unbilled
80th Integrated Annual Report
462
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
25 Other financial liabilities – non-current
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Derivative financial instruments - 65
(b) Liability towards employee separation scheme 99 109
(c) Option premium payable - 9
(d) Others 61 70
Total 160 253
26 Other financial liabilities – current
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Interest accrued but not due on borrowings 111 168
(b) Liability for capital expenditure (Refer note below) 439 354
(c) Deposits and retention money 480 461
(d) Derivative financial instruments 8 13
(e) Liability towards Investor Education and Protection Fund under Section 125 of the
Companies Act, 2013 (IEPF) not due
(i) Unpaid dividends 10 4
(ii) Unpaid debentures and interest thereon 0 0
(f) Liability towards employee separation scheme 29 42
(g) Option premium payable 9 65
(h) Others 2 39
Total 1,088 1,146
Note :
Includes ₹56 crores (₹61 crores as at March 31, 2024) outstanding towards principal and interest provision on dues of micro
enterprises and small enterprises as per MSMED ACT, 2006.
27 Provisions
(a) Accounting policy
A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation
that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the
obligation. When the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined by discounting the
expected future cash flows using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
and the risks specific to the liability.
Product warranty expenses
The estimated liability for product warranties is recognised when products are sold or when new warranty programmes
are initiated. These estimates are established using historical information on the nature, frequency and average cost
of warranty claims and management estimates regarding possible future warranty claims, customer goodwill and
recall complaints. The timing of outflows will vary depending on when warranty claim will arise, being typically up to
six years. The Company also has back-to-back contractual arrangement with its suppliers in the event that a vehicle
fault is proven to be a supplier’s fault.
The Company’s calculation methodology uses detailed historical data corrected for experience as information becomes
available as well as individual campaign assumptions (such as scope, uptake rates and repair costs). The calculated
provisions are compared to current spend rates to assess balances versus expected future obligations. This can lead
to changes in the carrying value of provisions as assumptions are updated over the life of each warranty to reflect
where actual experience differs to past experience, for example due to higher inflation or timing of claims impacting
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
463 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
disbursement curve analysis. However, there are no individual assumptions that can be reasonably expected to move
over the next financial year to such a degree that it would result in a material adjustment to the warranty provision.
The Company notes that changes in the automotive environment presents its own significant challenges, particularly
due to the lack of maturity and historical data available at this time to help inform estimates for future warranty
claims, as well as any associated recoveries from suppliers due to such claims. The related provisions are made with
the Company’s best estimate at this time to settle such obligations in the future but will be required to be continually
refined as sufficient, real-world data becomes available.
The discount on the warranty provision is calculated using a risk-free discount rate as the risks specific to the liability,
such as inflation, are included in the base calculation.
Estimates of the future costs of warranty actions are subject to numerous uncertainties, including the enactment
of new laws and regulations, the number of vehicles affected by a service or recall action and the nature or final
cost of the corrective action. Due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of the inputs to these assumptions, it is
reasonably possible that the actual cost expenditure over an extended period of time could be materially different to
the estimate in a range of amounts that cannot be reasonably estimated.
Estimates are made of the expected reimbursement claim based upon historical levels of recoveries from supplier,
adjusted for inflation and applied to the population of vehicles under warranty as on Balance Sheet date. Supplier
reimbursements are recognised as separate asset “Recoverable from Suppliers” under Other financial assets. (Refer
Notes 11 and 12).
(b) Provisions- non current
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Employee benefits obligations 1,119 978
(b) Warranty 1,103 959
Total 2,222 1,937
(c) Provisions- current
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Employee benefits obligations 947 778
(b) Warranty 1,188 356
Total 2,135 1,134
Note:
Warranty provision movement
(₹ in crores)
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Balance at the beginning 1,315
Provision made during the year 2,375
Provision used during the year (1,545)
Impact of discounting 146
Balance at the end 2,291
Current 1,188
Non-Current 1,103
80th Integrated Annual Report
464
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
28 Income taxes
(a) Accounting policy
Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in the statement of
Profit and Loss except when they relate to items that are recognised outside of profit and loss (whether in other
comprehensive income or directly in equity), in which case tax is also recognised outside profit and loss. Current
income taxes are determined based on respective taxable income of each taxable entity.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the carrying values of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and unutilised business loss and depreciation
carry-forwards and tax credits. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed separately for each taxable
entity. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent it is probable that future taxable income will be available
against which the deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses, depreciation carry-forwards and unused tax
credits could be utilised. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced
to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset
to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period
when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or
substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. Current and deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there
is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income
taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on
a net basis. The extent to which deferred tax assets can be recognised is based on an assessment of the probability
that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax loss carry-
forwards can be utilised.
Deferred tax liabilities on taxable temporary differences arising from interests in joint operation are not recognised
if the Company is able to control the timing of the reversal and it is probable that the temporary difference will not
reverse in the foreseeable future.
(b) The reconciliation of income tax expense calculated as per tax rates applicable to individual
entities with income tax expense is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Profit before tax 7,352 7,851
Income tax expense at tax rates applicable to individual entities 1,850 1,976
Undistributed and distributed earnings of joint operation 67 65
Deferred tax assets recognised on business losses (refer note below) - (1,249)
Reversal of deferred tax asset created in previous year due to amendment in calculation
of capital gains tax 403 -
Previously unrecognised tax losses utilised - (960)
Impact of statutory tax rate changes (333) -
(Reversal)/short of tax provision of earlier years (45) 27
Others (42) 90
Income tax expense/(credit) reported in statement of profit and loss 1,900 (51)
Note:
During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company recognised Deferred Tax Assets of ₹1,249 crores on previously
unrecognised business loss based on the probability of sufficient taxable profit in future periods against which such
business loss would be set off.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
465 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(c) Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the year ended March 31,
2025 are as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Recognised in Recognised in/
Opening balance statement of reclassified from Closing balance
profit and loss OCI
Deferred tax assets:
Unabsorbed depreciation 1,954 (763) - 1,191
Business losses 1,249 (1,211) - 38
Expenses deductible in future years:
- Provisions, allowances for doubtful receivables and others 260 (5) - 255
Compensated absences and retirement benefits 283 41 2 326
Derivative financial instruments 66 3 (16) 53
Lease liabilities 105 (5) - 100
Others 59 8 - 67
Total deferred tax assets 3,976 (1,932) (14) 2,030
Deferred tax liabilities:
Property, plant and equipment 1,490 (89) - 1,401
Intangible assets 537 (4) - 533
Undistributed earnings in joint operations 160 23* - 183
Right of use assets 106 (6) - 100
Unrealised profit on inventory 2 (0) - 2
Others 172 (9) 52 215
Total deferred tax liabilities 2,467 (85) 52 2,434
Net Deferred tax assets / (liabilities) 1,509 (1,847) (66) (404)
Deferred tax liabilities (net) 404
* Net of ₹ 44 crores reversed on dividend distribution by Joint Operation.
S ignificant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the year ended March 31,
2024 are as follows:
(₹ in crores)
Recognised in Recognised in/
Opening balance statement of reclassified from Closing balance
profit and loss OCI
Deferred tax assets:
Unabsorbed depreciation 2,833 (879) - 1,954
Other tax losses - Long term capital loss 150 (150) - -
Business losses - 1,249 - 1,249
Expenses deductible in future years:
- Provisions, allowances for doubtful receivables and others 314 (54) - 260
Compensated absences and retirement benefits 136 129 18 283
Derivative financial instruments 195 (76) (53) 66
Lease liabilities 45 60 - 105
Others 48 11 - 59
Total deferred tax assets 3,721 290 (35) 3,976
Deferred tax liabilities:
Property, plant and equipment 1,544 (54) 1,490
Intangible assets 542 (5) 537
Undistributed earnings in joint operations 139 21 * 160
80th Integrated Annual Report
466
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
Recognised in Recognised in/
Opening balance statement of reclassified from Closing balance
profit and loss OCI
Right of use assets 23 83 106
Unrealised profit on inventory 1 1 - 2
Others 46 79 47 172
Total deferred tax liabilities 2,295 125 47 2,467
Net Deferred tax assets / (liabilities) 1,426 165 (82) 1,509
Deferred tax assets (net) 1,559
Deferred tax liabilities (net) 50
* Net of ₹ 45 crores reversed on dividend distribution by Joint Operation.
29 Other non-current liabilities
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Contract liabilities (refer note 30 (a)) 826 793
(b) Deferred Government incentives 17 19
(c) Employee benefit obligations - Funded 18 20
(d) Others 11 11
Total 872 843
30 Other current liabilities
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Contract liabilities (refer note (a)) 1,320 1,375
(b) Statutory dues (GST,TDS etc.) 1,211 1,365
(c) Deferred Government incentives (refer note (b)) 215 193
(d) Others 54 46
Total 2,800 2,979
Note:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Contract liabilities
Opening contract liabilities 2,168 1,660
Amount recognised in revenue (1,085) (709)
Amount received in advance during the year 1,247 1,407
Amount refunded to customers (184) (190)
Closing contract liabilities 2,146 2,168
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
467 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Advances received from customers Current 805 934
Deferred income Current 515 441
Non-current 826 793
2,146 2,168
Performance obligations in respect of amount received in respect of future maintenance service and extended warranty
will be fulfilled over a period of six years from year ending March 31, 2026 till March 31, 2031.
(b) Government incentives includes ₹208 crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹186 crores as at March 31, 2024) grants relating
to property, plant and equipment related to duty saved on import of capital goods and spares under the Exports
Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) scheme. Under such scheme, the Company is committed to export prescribed times
of the duty saved on import of capital goods over a specified period of time. In case such commitments are not met,
the Company would be required to pay the duty saved along with interest to the regulatory authorities.
31 Revenue recognition
(a) Accounting policy
The Company generates revenue principally from-
i) Sale of products - commercial vehicles and vehicle parts.
The Company recognises revenues from sale of products measured at the amount of transaction price (net of
variable consideration), when it satisfies its performance obligation at a point in time which is when products
are delivered to dealers or when delivered to a carrier for export sales, which is when control including risks
and rewards and title of ownership pass to the customer, collectability of the resulting receivables is reasonably
assured and when there are no longer any unfulfilled obligation. The transaction price of goods sold is net of
variable consideration on account of various discounts and schemes offered by the Company as part of the
contract. The Company operates predominantly on cash and carry basis.
The Company offers sales incentives in the form of variable marketing expense to customers, which vary
depending on the timing and customer of any subsequent sale of the vehicle. This sales incentive is accounted for
as a revenue reduction and is constrained to a level that is highly probable not to reverse the amount of revenue
recognised when any associated uncertainty is subsequently resolved. The Company estimates the expected
sales incentive by market and considers uncertainties including competitor pricing, ageing of retailer stock and
local market conditions.
The consideration received in respect of transport arrangements for delivering of vehicles to the customers are
recognised net of their costs within revenues in the income statement.
ii) Sale of services - maintenance service and extended warranties for commercial vehicles.
Income from sale of maintenance services and extended warranties are recognised as income over the relevant
period of service or extended warranty.
When the Company sells products that are bundled with maintenance service or extended period of warranty,
such services are treated as a separate performance obligation only if the service or warranty is in excess of the
standard offerings to the customer. In such cases, the transaction price allocated towards such maintenance
service or extended period of warranty based on relative standalone selling price and is recognised as a contract
liability until the service obligation has been met. The price that is regularly charged for an item when sold
separately is the best evidence of its standalone selling price. In the absence of such evidence, the primary
method used to estimate standalone selling price is the expected cost plus a margin, under which the Company
estimates the cost of satisfying the performance obligation and then adds an appropriate margin based on
similar services.
80th Integrated Annual Report
468
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
The Company operates certain customer loyalty programs under which customer is entitled to reward points
on the spend towards Company’s products. The reward points earned by customers can be redeemed to claim
discounts on future purchase of certain products or services. Transaction price allocated towards reward points
granted to customers is recognised as a deferred income liability and transferred to income when customers
redeem their reward points.
Sales of services include certain performance obligations that are satisfied over a period of time. Any amount
received in advance in respect of such performance obligations that are satisfied over a period of time is recorded
as a contract liability and recorded as revenue when service is rendered to customers.
Refund liabilities comprise of obligation towards customers to pay for discounts and sales incentives.
(b) Revenue from operations
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(I) Revenue from contracts with customers
(a) Sale of products (refer notes 1 and 2 below)
(i) Vehicles 57,305 60,489
(ii) Spare parts 7,194 8,122
(iii) Miscellaneous products 2,716 2,510
Total Sale of products 67,215 71,121
(b) Sale of services 1,654 1,625
Revenue 68,869 72,746
(II) Other operating revenues 550 557
Total 69,419 73,303
Notes:
(1) Variable marketing expenses netted off against revenue (11,759) (11,549)
(2) Includes revenue from outside India 3,362 3,199
32 Other income
(a) Accounting policy
Government Grants and Incentives
Other income includes export and other recurring and non-recurring incentives from Government (referred as
“incentives”). Government grants are recognised when there is a reasonable assurance that the Company will comply
with the relevant conditions and the grant will be received. Government grants are recognised in the statement
of profit and loss, either on a systematic basis when the Company recognises, as expenses, the related costs that
the grants are intended to compensate or, immediately if the costs have already been incurred. Government grants
related to assets are deferred and amortised over the useful life of the asset. Government grants related to income
are presented as an offset against the related expenditure, and government grants that are awarded as incentives
with no ongoing performance obligations to the Company are recognised as income in the period in which the grant
is received.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
469 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(b) Other income
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Interest income on financial assets 419 201
(b) Dividend income (refer note (a) and (b) below) 1,988 655
(c) Government incentives (refer note (c) below) 285 209
(d) Profit on sale of investments measured at FVTPL (net) 97 81
(e) Marked-to-market gain on Investments measured at FVTPL 7 4
Total 2,796 1,150
Note:
Includes:
(a) From subsidiary companies and associates 1,924 612
(b) From investment measured at FVTOCI 64 43
(c) During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company has received claim approval for Production Linked Incentive
(PLI) for the year ended March 31, 2024 and accordingly income of ₹40 crores has been recognized as government
incentives. Further, the Company has also recognized an income on the revenue of products where Techno Commercial
Audit (TCA) has been confirmed for an amount of ₹135 crores for the year ended March 31, 2025.
33 Employee benefit expenses
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Salaries, wages and bonus * 3,822 3,622
(b) Contribution to provident fund and other funds 251 243
(c) Staff welfare expenses 440 443
Total 4,513 4,308
*The amount of ₹27 crores and ₹28 crores (net of recovery from subsidiaries) has accrued for the year ended March 31,
2025 and 2024, respectively towards share based payments.
(A) Share based payments
Accounting policy
The Company recognises compensation expense relating to share based payments in accordance with Ind AS 102
Share-based Payment. Stock options granted by the Company to its employees are accounted as equity settled
options. Accordingly, the estimated fair value of options granted that is determined on the date of grant, is charged
to statement of Profit and Loss on a straight line basis over the vesting period of options which is the requisite service
period, with a corresponding increase in equity.
Equity-settled share option plan
(i) Tata Motors Limited Employees Stock Option Scheme 2018
During the year ended March 31, 2025, 862,318 shares were exercised and allotted under Employee Stock Option
Scheme 2018 at an exercise price of ₹345/- per share. The Share price of options during the exercise period was
ranging from ₹923 to ₹1,047.
(ii) Share-based Long Term Incentive Scheme 2021
The Company has granted Performance Stock Units (“PSUs”) and Employee Stock Options (“ESOs”) to its
employees under the Tata Motors Limited Share-based Long Term Incentive Scheme 2021 (“TML SLTI Scheme
2021” or “Scheme”).
80th Integrated Annual Report
470
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
As per the scheme, the number of shares that will vest is conditional upon certain performance measures
determined by Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC). The performance is measured over vesting
period of the options granted. The performance measures under this scheme include growth in sales, earnings
and free cash flow. The options granted under this scheme is exercisable by employees till one year from date of
its vesting. The Company has granted options at an exercise price of ₹338/- for ESOs and ₹2/- for PSUs. Option
granted will vest after three years from date of grant. Number of shares that will vest range from 0.5 to 1.2 per
option granted depending on performance measures.
PSUs and ESOs are generally excercisable within one year from the date of vesting.
Year ended March 31, 2025 Year ended March 31, 2024
Reconciliation of outstanding ESOs/ PSUs ESOs PSUs ESOs PSUs
No of options No of options
(i) Option exercisable at the beginning of the
year 704,407 2,414,539 760,828 1,531,406
(ii) Granted during the year 149,107 101,697 - 986,232
(iii)Forfeited during the year (11,377) (118,629) (56,421) (103,099)
(iv)Exercised during the year (194,204) (601,191) - -
(v) Option exercisable at the end of the year 647,933 1,796,416 704,407 2,414,539
(vi) Remaining contractual life 3 Months 14 Months 4 Months 26 Months
The Company has estimated fair value of options using Black Scholes model. The following assumptions were
used for calculation of fair value of options granted.
Granted during Year
Assumption factor ended March 31, 2024
PSUs
Risk free interest rate 6.90%
Expected life of option 4 years
Expected volatility 49.3%
Share price 514
Expected volatility during the expected term of the options is based on historical volatility of the observed
market prices of the Company’s publicly-traded equity shares during a period equivalent to the expected term
of the options.
Weighted average equity share price during the exercise period was ₹888 per ordinary share.
(iii) Share-based Long Term Incentive Scheme 2024
The Company has granted Performance Stock Units (“PSUs”) to its employees under the Tata Motors Limited Share-
based Long Term Incentive Scheme 2024 (“TML SLTI Scheme 2024” or “Scheme”).
As per the scheme, the number of shares that will vest is conditional upon certain performance measures determined
by Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC). The performance is measured over vesting period of the options
granted. The performance measures under this scheme include growth in sales, earnings and free cash flow. The
options granted under this scheme is exercisable by employees till one year from date of its vesting. The Company
has granted options at an exercise price of ₹2/- for PSUs. Option granted will vest after three years from date of grant.
Number of shares that will vest range from 0.5 to 1.2 per option granted depending on performance measures.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
471 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
Year ended
Reconciliation of outstanding PSUs March 31, 2025
No of options
Option outstanding at the beginning of the year -
Granted during the year 299,918
Forfeited/Expired during the year (8,953)
Exercised during the year -
Option outstanding at the end of the year 290,965
Remaining contractual life 28 months
The Company has estimated fair value of options using Black Scholes model. The following assumptions were used for
calculation of fair value of options granted.
Year ended
Assumption factor
March 31, 2025
Risk free rate 7.2%
Expected life of option 4 Years
Expected volatility 37.9%
Share price 1,143
Expected volatility during the expected term of the options is based on historical volatility of the observed market
prices of the Company’s publicly-traded equity shares during a period equivalent to the expected term of the options.
(B) Employee benefits
(a) Accounting policy
(i) Gratuity
Tata Motors Limited and its Joint operation have an obligation towards gratuity, a defined benefit retirement
plan covering eligible employees. The plan provides for a lump-sum payment to vested employees at
retirement, death while in employment or on termination of employment of an amount equivalent to 15 to
30 days salary payable for each completed year of service. Vesting occurs upon completion of five years of
service. Tata Motors Limited makes annual contributions to gratuity funds established as trusts. Tata Motors
Limited account for the liability for gratuity benefits payable in the future based on an actuarial valuation.
(ii) Bhavishya kalyan yojana (BKY)
Bhavishya Kalyan Yojana is an unfunded defined benefit plan for employees of Tata Motors Limited. The
benefits of the plan include pension in certain cases, payable up to the date of normal superannuation had
the employee been in service, to an eligible employee at the time of death or permanent disablement, while
in service, either as a result of an injury or as certified by the appropriate authority. The monthly payment
to dependents of the deceased/disabled employee under the plan equals 50% of the salary drawn at the
time of death or accident or a specified amount, whichever is greater. Tata Motors Limited account for the
liability for BKY benefits payable in the future based on an actuarial valuation.
(iii) Provident fund and family pension
In accordance with Indian law, eligible employees of Tata Motors Limited and joint operations are entitled
to receive benefits in respect of provident fund, a defined contribution plan, in which both employees
and the Company make monthly contributions at a specified percentage of the covered employees’ salary
(currently 12% of employees’ salary). The contributions, as specified under the law, were made to the
provident fund and pension fund set up as an irrevocable trust or to respective Regional Provident Fund
Commissioner and the Central Provident Fund under the State Pension scheme. The interest rate, payable
to the members of the trust, was not to be lower than the statutory rate of interest declared by the Central
Government under the Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 and shortfall,
if any, was made good by the Company. The embedded interest rate guarantee is considered to be defined
benefit for the joint operation as Provident Fund is managed by trust.
80th Integrated Annual Report
472
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(iv) Post-retirement medicare scheme
Under this unfunded scheme, employees of Tata Motors Limited receive medical benefits subject to certain
limits on amounts of benefits, periods after retirement and types of benefits, depending on their grade and
location at the time of retirement. Employees separated from the Company as part of an Early Separation
Scheme, on medical grounds or due to permanent disablement are also covered under the scheme. Tata
Motors Limited account for the liability for post-retirement medical scheme based on an actuarial valuation.
(v) Compensated absences
The Company provides for the encashment of leave or leave with pay subject to certain rules. The employees
are entitled to accumulate leave subject to certain limits, for future encashment. The liability is provided
based on the number of days of unutilised leave at each balance sheet date on the basis of an independent
actuarial valuation.
(vi) Remeasurement gains and losses
Remeasurement comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling and the return on assets
(excluding interest) relating to retirement benefit plans, are recognised directly in other comprehensive
income in the period in which they arise. Remeasurement recorded in other comprehensive income is not
reclassified to statement of Profit and Loss.
Actuarial gains and losses relating to long-term employee benefits are recognised in the statement of Profit
and Loss in the period in which they arise.
(vii) Measurement date
The measurement date of retirement plans is March 31.
The present value of the defined benefit liability and the related current service cost and past service cost
are measured using projected unit credit method.
The present value of the post-employment benefit obligations depends on a number of factors, it is
determined on an actuarial basis using a number of assumptions. The assumptions used in determining the
net cost/(income) for pensions include the discount rate, inflation and mortality assumptions. Any changes
in these assumptions will impact upon the carrying amount of post-employment benefit obligations. Key
assumptions and sensitivities for post employment benefit obligations are disclosed in note below.
(b) Employee benefits consists of the following:
(i) Defined Benefit Plan
Pension (Gratuity and BKY) and post retirement medical plans
The following tables sets out the funded and unfunded status and the amounts recognised in the financial
statements for the pension and the post retirement medical plans in respect of Tata Motors and joint operations:
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Change in defined benefit obligations :
Defined benefit obligation, beginning of the
year 1,316 1,193 393 328
Defined Benefit Obligation for
Superanuation - (12) - -
Current service cost 81 74 17 13
Interest cost 89 82 27 23
Remeasurements (gains) / losses
A ctuarial gain/(loss) arising from
changes in demographic assumptions (12) 4 (27) 8
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
473 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
A ctuarial gain arising from changes in
financial assumptions 40 22 12 57
A ctuarial gain/(loss) arising from
changes in experience adjustments 21 30 (5) (20)
Transfer out of liability (6) (1) (3) -
Benefits paid from plan assets (72) (66) - -
Benefits paid directly by employer (11) (10) (15) (18)
Past service cost- plan amendments - - 108 2
Defined benefit obligation, end of the year 1,446 1,316 507 393
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets, beginning of the year 1,126 1,052 - -
Defined Benefit Obligation for Superanuation (15) - -
Interest income 76 72 - -
Return on plan assets, (excluding amount 23 24 - -
included in net Interest expense)
Employer’s contributions 165 60 - -
Transfer out of liability (6) (1) - -
Benefits paid (72) (66) - -
Fair value of plan assets, end of the year 1,312 1,126 - -
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
As at March 31, As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Amount recognised in the balance sheet
consists of
Present value of defined benefit obligation 1,446 1,316 507 393
Fair value of plan assets 1,312 1,126 - -
Net liability (134) (190) (507) (393)
Amounts in the balance sheet:
Non–current assets 56 6 - -
Non–current liabilities (6) (9) - -
Non–current Provisions (184) (187) (507) (393)
Net liability (134) (190) (507) (393)
Information for funded plans with a defined benefit obligation in excess of plan assets:
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits
As a As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Defined benefit obligation 56 49
Fair value of plan assets 50 40
80th Integrated Annual Report
474
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
Information for funded plans with a defined benefit obligation less than plan assets:
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Defined benefit obligation 1,205 1,080
Fair value of plan assets 1,261 1,086
Information for unfunded plans:
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
As at March 31, As at March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Defined benefit obligation 184 187 507 393
Net pension and post retirement medical cost consist of the following components:
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Service cost 81 74 17 13
Net interest cost 13 10 27 23
Past service cost- plan amendments - - 108 2
Net periodic cost 94 84 152 38
Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligation recognised in other comprehensive
income:
(₹ in crores)
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2025 2024 2025 2024
Remeasurements
Return on plan assets (excluding amount
included in net Interest expense) (23) (24) - -
Actuarial gain/(loss) arising from changes in
demographic assumptions (12) 4 (27) 8
Actuarial gain arising from changes in
financial assumptions 40 22 12 57
Actuarial gain/(loss) arising from changes in
experience adjustments on plan liabilities 21 30 (5) (20)
Total recognised in other comprehensive
income 26 32 (20) 45
Total recognised in statement of
comprehensive income 120 116 132 83
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
475 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
The assumptions used in accounting for the pension and post retirement medical plans are set out below:
Pension Benefits Post retirement medical Benefits
As at As at As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Discount rate 6.7%-10.0% 7% - 7.2% 6.80% 7.0%
Rate of increase in compensation level of
covered employees 6.0% - 10.0% 6.0% - 10.0% 6.0% - 10.0% NA
Increase in health care cost 7% NA 7% 7.0%
Plan assets
The fair value of Company’s pension plan asset as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 by category are as follows:
Pension Benefits
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Asset category:
Cash and cash equivalents 11.6% 7.1%
Debt instruments (quoted) 63.9% 67.8%
Debt instruments (unquoted) 0.0% 0.0%
Equity instruments (quoted) 11.2% 11.1%
Deposits with Insurance companies 13.3% 14.0%
100.0% 100.0%
The Company’s policy is driven by considerations of maximising returns while ensuring credit quality of the
debt instruments. The asset allocation for plan assets is determined based on investment criteria prescribed
under the Indian Income Tax Act, 1961, and is also subject to other exposure limitations. The Company evaluates
the risks, transaction costs and liquidity for potential investments. To measure plan asset performance, the
Company compares actual returns for each asset category with published bench marks.
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation as at March 31, 2025 is 10.14 years (March 31,
2024 : 9.74 years).
The Company expects to contribute ₹11 crores to the funded pension plans in the year ending March 31, 2026.
The table below outlines the effect on the service cost, the interest cost and the defined benefit obligation in the
event of a decrease/increase of 1% in the assumed rate of discount rate, salary escalation and health care cost:
Impact on defined benefit Impact on service cost and
Assumption Change in assumption
obligation interest cost
Discount rate Increase by 1% Decrease by ₹ 150 crores Decrease by ₹ 23 crores
Decrease by 1% Increase by ₹ 175 crores Increase by ₹ 25 crores
Salary escalation rate Increase by 1% Increase by ₹ 97 crores Increase by ₹ 19 crores
Decrease by 1% Decrease by ₹ 87 crores Decrease by ₹ 17 crores
Health care cost Increase by 1% Increase by ₹ 67 crores Increase by ₹ 13 crores
Decrease by 1% Decrease by ₹ 55 crores Decrease by ₹ 11 crores
80th Integrated Annual Report
476
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(ii) Provident Fund
The following tables set out the funded status of the defined benefit provident fund plan of Joint Operation and the
amounts recognized in the Company’s financial statements.
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Change in benefit obligations:
Defined benefit obligations at the beginning 153 135
Service cost 6 6
Employee contribution 9 9
Transfer in / Transfer out (3) 2
Interest expense 11 10
Actuarial loss/(gain) arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities (1) 1
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in financial assumptions 6 (3)
Benefits paid (6) (7)
Defined benefit obligations at the end 175 153
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning 153 130
Transfer in / Transfer out (3) 2
Interest income 11 10
Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest income 5 3
Contributions (employer and employee) 15 15
Benefits paid (6) (7)
Fair value of plan assets at the end 175 153
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Amount recognised in the balance sheet consists of
Present value of defined benefit obligation 175 153
Fair value of plan assets 175 153
Net liability - -
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Net periodic cost for Provident Fund consists of following components:
Service cost 6 6
Net interest cost / (income) - 0
Net periodic cost 6 6
Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligation recognised in other comprehensive income
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Remeasurements
Return on plan assets (excluding amount included in net Interest expense) (5) (3)
Actuarial loss arising from changes in experience adjustments on plan liabilities (1) 1
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in financial assumptions 6 (3)
Total recognised in other comprehensive income 0 (5)
Total recognised in statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income 6 1
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
477 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
The assumptions used in determining the present value obligation of the Provident Fund is set out
below:
As at As at
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Discount rate 6.8% 7.2%
Expected rate of return on plan assets 8.1% 8.9%
Remaining term to maturity of portfolio 13.0 13.0
The breakup of the plan assets into various categories as at March 31, 2025 is as follows:
As at As at
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Government debt instruments 45.5% 46.4%
Other debt instruments 37.0% 37.9%
Equity instruments 12.0% 11.3%
Others 5.5% 4.4%
Total 100.0% 100.0%
The asset allocation for plan assets is determined based on investment criteria prescribed under the relevant regulations.
The Company expects to contribute ₹6 crores to the defined benefit provident fund plan in Fiscal 2026.
(iii) The Company’s contribution to defined contribution plan as below:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Superannuation 14 15
Provident fund 135 131
Family pension 35 37
184 183
34 Finance costs
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Interest on borrowing 814 1,254
Interest on lease liabilities 43 42
Unwinding of discount on provisions/ liabilities 81 42
938 1,338
Less: Transferred to capital account (60) (41)
878 1,297
(b) Discounting charges 244 409
Total 1,122 1,706
Note:
The weighted average rate for capitalisation of interest relating to general borrowings were approximately 7.01% and
7.15% for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
80th Integrated Annual Report
478
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
35 Other expenses
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Processing charges 1,229 1,610
(b) Consumption of stores and spare parts 441 494
(c) Power and fuel 419 424
(d) Freight, transportation, port charges etc. 1,096 1,098
(e) Publicity 405 433
(f) Warranty expenses* 2,185 1,468
(g) Information Technology/Computer expenses 1,049 979
(h) Allowances for trade and other receivables (net) 58 81
(i) Works operation and other expenses (refer note below) 2,606 2,374
Total 9,488 8,961
* Net of estimated recovery from suppliers (147) (116)
Note - During the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company made a contribution to an electoral trust of
₹49 crores and Nil, respectively.
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Auditors' Remuneration (excluding GST)
(i) Audit Fees 8 8
(ii) In other Capacities :
Tax Audit / Transfer Pricing Audit 1 0
Taxation Matters 0 0
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report Assurance 1 -
(iii) Other Services including certification charges 3 0
(iv) Reimbursement of travelling and out-of-pocket expenses 1 1
(b) Cost Auditors' Remuneration (excluding GST)
Cost Audit Fees 0 0
(c) Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) expenditure
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Amount required to be spent by the Company during the year - -
Amount of expenditure incurred on*:
(i) Construction/acquisition of any assets - -
(ii) On purposes other than (i) above 26 22
Shortfall at the end of the year - -
Total of previous year shortfall - -
Reason for shortfall NA NA
Nature of CSR activities - Education, skilling, health, environmental sustainability, Rural Development related activities
*spent by Tata Motors Ltd on standalone basis excluding interest in the joint operations, towards various schemes of
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) as prescribed under Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013.
(d) Remuneration payable to non- executive independent directors aggregating ₹8 crores (₹6 crores for the year ended
March 31, 2024).
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
479 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
36 Amount transferred to capital and other accounts
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Capital work in progress (186) (149)
(b) Intangible asset under development (495) (484)
(c) Product development/Engineering expenses (532) (497)
Total (1,213) (1,130)
37 Product development expenses
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Product development costs capitalised 1,056 924
(b) Product development costs expensed 1,033 1,105
Total Product development costs incurred 2,089 2,029
38 Exceptional items losses/(gains)
Exceptional items are those which are considered for separate disclosure in the financial statements considering their size,
nature or incidence. Such items included in the statement of profit and loss are as below:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Provision for employee pension scheme (refer note (i) below) 165 762
(b) Past Service cost- Post retirement medicare scheme 108 -
(c) Employee separation cost 55 78
(d) Reversal of cost of closure of/provision for investment in subsidiary companies (net) (2) (3)
(e) Reversal of impairment of property, plant and equipment and provision for Intangible
assets under development (net) (1) 102
(f) Profit on sale of investments in subsidiary (refer note (ii) below) - (3,748)
Total 325 (2,809)
Note:
(i) Tata Motors Limited (the “Company”) in October 2019 had by way of an application, addressed to the Employee
Provident Fund Organization (“EPFO”), offered to surrender its exempted Pension fund. Subsequently, the Company
incurred losses for three consecutive years (during FY 2019-20, 2020-21 & 2021-22), thereby calling for an automatic
cancellation/ withdrawal of pension fund exemption. On November 4, 2022, the Hon’ble Supreme Court ruled that
those who were members of a statutory pension fund as on September 1, 2014, can exercise a joint option with their
employer to contribute to their Pension fund beyond the statutory limit and be eligible to draw a higher pension
calculated based on last 5 years average salary. The Company accepted and approved the applications filed by its
employees for joint option to contribute on higher salary on the EPFO’s portal.
As per the actuarial valuation, an additional provision of ₹165 crores have been made for pension on higher salary
during the year ended March 31, 2025. EPFO, however, redirected a few of such Joint Applications to the Company’s
Pension Trust. Considering this, along with the fact that there was no positive movement towards the conclusion of
the surrender process of the pension fund, the Company filed a Writ Petition with Hon’ble Delhi High Court (“Court”)
for seeking directions to EPFO to immediately start administering TML’s Pension Fund. The trade unions have also
filed another Writ Petition for expediting the transfer of pension fund corpus and accepting the Joint Applications of
the employees.
80th Integrated Annual Report
480
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
EPFO in December 2024, sent a recommendation to the Government of India for cancellation of the Company’s
pension exemption, subject to fulfilment of certain conditions. The parties had series of meetings to channelize the
migration of members data to EPFO’s unified portal, prominently the joint meetings in April 2025, of which the duly
signed minutes were filed in the Court on May 1, 2025. It has been agreed in the said minutes that EPFO will provide a
facility on the Unified Portal for the Company to migrate the members’ data on EPFO’s portal. The Company will start
contribution in statutory pension fund w.e.f. wage month of July 2025. Pension Trust will transfer the liability towards
normal pension valuation carried by EPFO. The Court took the above minutes on its records and fixed the matter on
July 23, 2025 for implementation of same as per timelines agreed in the minutes.
(ii) During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company partially sold its stake (21.3%) represented by 8,64,36,184
equity shares in Tata Technologies Limited (TTL) for total consideration of ₹3,812 crores, which resulted in profit of
₹ 3,748 crores.
39 Commitments and contingencies
In the ordinary course of business, the Company faces claims and assertions by various parties. The Company assesses
such claims and assertions and monitors the legal environment on an ongoing basis, with the assistance of external legal
counsel, wherever necessary. The Company records a liability for any claims where a potential loss is probable and capable
of being estimated and discloses such matters in its financial statements, if material. For potential losses that are considered
possible, but not probable, the Company provides disclosure in the financial statements but does not record a liability in its
accounts unless the loss becomes probable.
The following is a description of claims and assertions where a potential loss is possible, but not probable. The Company
believes that none of the contingencies described below would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. Also, the below amount excludes consequential interest and penalty, if any.
Litigation
The Company is involved in legal proceedings, both as plaintiff and as defendant. There are claims which the Company does
not believe to be of material nature, other than those described below.
Income Tax
The Company has ongoing disputes with income tax authorities relating to tax treatment of certain items. These mainly
include disallowed expenses, the tax treatment of certain expenses claimed by the Company as deductions and the
computation of, or eligibility of, the Company’s use of certain tax incentives or allowances.
Most of these disputes and/or disallowances, being repetitive in nature, have been raised by the income tax authorities
consistently in most of the years.
The Company has a right of appeal to the Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals), or CIT (A), the Dispute Resolution Panel,
or DRP, and to the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, or ITAT, against adverse decisions by the assessing officer, DRP or CIT (A),
as applicable. The income tax authorities have similar rights of appeal to the ITAT against adverse decisions by the CIT (A)
or DRP. The Company has a further right of appeal to the Bombay High Court or the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India against
adverse decisions by the appellate authorities for matters involving substantial question of law. The income tax authorities
have similar rights of appeal.
As at March 31, 2025, there are contingent liabilities towards matters and/or disputes pending in appeal amounting to
₹174 crores (₹164 crores as at March 31, 2024).
Customs, Excise Duty and Service Tax
As at March 31, 2025, there are pending litigation for various matters relating to customs, excise duty and service taxes
involving demands, including interest and penalties, of ₹409 crores (₹348 crores as at March 31, 2024). These demands
challenged the basis of valuation of the Company’s products and denied the Company’s claims of Central Value Added Tax,
or CENVAT credit on inputs.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
481 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
Sales Tax/VAT
The total sales tax demands (including interest and penalty), that are being contested by the Company amount to ₹437
crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹847 crores as at March 31, 2024). The details of the demands for more than ₹100 crores are
as follows:
The Sales Tax Authorities have raised demand of ₹123 crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹227 crores as at March 31, 2024)
towards rejection of certain statutory forms for concessional lower/nil tax rate on technical grounds and few other issues
such as late submission, single form issued against different months / quarters dispatches / sales, etc. and denial of
exemption from tax in absence of proof of export for certain years. The Company has contended that the benefit cannot
be denied on technicalities, which are being complied with. The matter is pending at various levels.
The Sales Tax authorities have denied input tax credit and levied interest and penalty thereon due to varied reasons
aggregating to ₹196 crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹250 crores as at March 31, 2024). The reasons for disallowing credit
was mainly due to Taxes not paid by Vendors, incorrect method of calculation of set off as per the department, alleging
suppression of sales as per the department etc. The matter is contested in appeal.
Other Taxes and Dues
Other amounts for which the Company may contingently be liable aggregate to ₹715 crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹637
crores as at March 31, 2024). Following are the cases involving more than ₹100 crores.
As at March 31, 2025, property tax amounting to ₹176 crores (₹169 crores as at March 31, 2024) has been demanded by
the local municipal authorities in respect of vacant land of the Company in the plant in Pimpri (including residential land),
Chinchwad and Chikhali. The Company had filed Special Leave Petition (SLP) before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India
against an unfavorable decision of the Bombay High Court. The Hon’ble Supreme Court of India had disposed of the SLP
and remanded the matter back to the local municipal corporation for fresh adjudication. After fresh hearing, the municipal
authority again passed the same order as it had passed earlier, which the Company has challenged before the Civil Court.
The Civil Court has passed an injunction order restraining the municipal authority from taking any action of recovery.
As at March 31, 2025, the Company has contingent liability of ₹416 crores (₹ 340 crores as at March 31, 2024) towards
Temporary Registration Fee and short payment of Road Tax to the office of District Transport Officer, Government of
Jharkhand basis demand for earlier years. The Company believes it has a good case on merits to contest the matter and
hence it has been disclosed as contingent liability.
Other claims
The Hon’ble Supreme Court of India (“SC”) by their order dated February 28, 2019, set out the principles based on which
allowances paid to the employees should be identified for inclusion in basic wages for the purposes of computation of
Provident Fund contribution. There are interpretative challenges and considerable uncertainty, including estimating the
amount retrospectively. Pending the directions from the EPFO, the impact for past periods, if any, is not ascertainable
reliably and consequently no financial effect has been provided for in the financial statements. The Company has complied
with this on a prospective basis, from the date of the SC order. Also refer note 38(i) for pension.
Commitments
During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company has acquired 26.79% stake in Freight Commerce Solutions Private
Limited (Freight Tiger) for a consideration of ₹150 crores. Freight Tiger is a digital platform that provides end-to-end
logistics value chain solutions for cargo movement in the country. The Securities Subscription Agreement (SSA) signed with
Freight Tiger also includes a provision enabling the Company to further invest ₹100 crores over the next two years, at the
then prevailing market value.
The Company has entered into various contracts with vendors and contractors for the acquisition of plant and machinery,
equipment and various civil contracts of a capital nature amounting to ₹770 crores as at March 31, 2025 (₹590 crores
as at March 31, 2024), which are yet to be executed. The Company has entered into various contracts with vendors and
contractors for the acquisition of intangible assets of a capital nature amounting to ₹128 crores as at March 31, 2025
(₹82 crores as at March 31, 2024), which are yet to be executed.
80th Integrated Annual Report
482
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
40 Earnings per Share (“EPS”)
(a) Accounting policy
Basic earnings per share has been computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares
outstanding during the year. Partly paid up shares are included as fully paid equivalents according to the fraction paid
up. Diluted earnings per share has been computed using the weighted average number of shares and dilutive potential
shares, except where the result would be antidilutive.
(b) Earnings per share (EPS) (refer note 20 (i))
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Profit after tax ₹ crores 5,452 7,902
(b) The weighted average number of Ordinary shares for Basic EPS Nos. 3,53,14,38,766 3,32,22,65,695
(c) The weighted average number of 'A' Ordinary shares for Basic EPS Nos. - 50,85,02,896
(d) The nominal value per share (Ordinary and 'A' Ordinary) ₹ 2 2
(e) Share of profit for Ordinary shares for Basic EPS ₹ crores 5,452 6,849
(f) Share of profit for 'A' Ordinary shares for Basic EPS * ₹ crores - 1,053
(g) Earnings per Ordinary share (Basic) ₹ 15.44 20.61
(h) Earnings per 'A' Ordinary share (Basic) ₹ NA 20.71
(i) Profit after tax for Diluted EPS ₹ crores 5,452 7,902
(j) The weighted average number of Ordinary shares for Basic EPS Nos. 3,53,14,38,766 3,32,22,65,695
(k) Add: Adjustment for shares held in abeyance Nos. 5,87,378 4,92,559
(l) Add: Adjustment for Options relating to ESOPs Nos. 19,52,006 25,34,495
(m) The weighted average number of Ordinary shares for Diluted EPS# Nos. 3,53,39,78,150 3,32,52,92,749
(n) The weighted average number of 'A' Ordinary shares for Basic EPS Nos. - 50,85,02,896
(o) Add: Adjustment for 'A' Ordinary shares held in abeyance Nos. - 2,33,214
(p) The weighted average number of 'A' Ordinary shares for Diluted - 50,87,36,110
EPS Nos.
(q) Share of profit for Ordinary shares for Diluted EPS ₹ crores 5,452 6,849
(r) Share of profit for 'A' Ordinary shares for Diluted EPS * ₹ crores - 1,053
(s) Earnings per Ordinary share (Diluted) ₹ 15.43 20.60
(t) Earnings per 'A' Ordinary share (Diluted) ₹ NA 20.70
* ‘A’ Ordinary Shareholders were entitled to receive dividend @ 5 percentage points more than the aggregate rate of
dividend determined by the Company on Ordinary Shares for the financial year.
# Excludes 18,298 and Nil Performance share units being anti-dilutive for the years ended March 31, 2025 and
2024, respectively.
41 Capital management
The Company’s capital management is intended to create value for shareholders by facilitating the meeting of long-term
and short-term goals of the Company.
The Company determines the amount of capital required on the basis of annual operating plans and long-term product and
other strategic investment plans. The funding requirements are met through equity, non-convertible debentures, senior
notes and other long-term/short-term borrowings. The Company’s policy is aimed at combination of short-term and long-
term borrowings.
The Company monitors the capital structure on the basis of total debt to equity ratio and maturity profile of the overall
debt portfolio of the Company.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
483 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
Total borrowings includes all long and short-term borrowings as disclosed in notes 22 and 23 to the financial statements.
Equity comprises all components excluding (profit)/loss on cash flow hedges.
The following table summarises the capital of the Company:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Equity 33,429 30,176
Short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term borrowings 4,982 8,535
Long-term borrowings 3,626 5,236
Total borrowings 8,608 13,771
Total capital (Debt + Equity) 42,037 43,947
Total equity as reported in balance sheet 33,442 30,143
Hedging reserve 5 3
Cost of Hedge reserve (18) 30
Equity as reported above 33,429 30,176
42 Financial instruments
(a) Accounting policy
i) Recognition:
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or
equity instrument of another entity.
Trade receivables and debt securities issued are initially recognised when they are originated. All other financial
instruments are initially recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
the instrument.
Initial measurement
Financial instruments are initially recognised at its fair value. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
acquisition or issue of financial instruments are recognised in determining the carrying amount, if it is not
classified as at fair value through profit or loss. However, trade receivables that do not contain a significant
financing component are measured at transaction price. Transaction costs of financial instruments carried at fair
value through profit or loss are expensed in the statement of profit and loss.
Subsequently, financial instruments are measured according to the category in which they are classified.
Classification and measurement – financial assets
Classification of financial assets is based on the business model in which the instruments are held as well as the
characteristics of their contractual cash flows. The business model is based on management’s intentions and
past pattern of transactions. Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when
determining whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest. The Company reclassifies
financial assets when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
Financial assets are classified into three categories
Financial assets at amortised cost: Financial assets having contractual terms that give rise on specified dates
to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal outstanding and that are held
within a business model whose objective is to hold such assets in order to collect such contractual cash flows
are classified in this category. Subsequently, these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
method less any impairment losses.
Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (Equity instruments): These include
financial assets that are equity instruments and are designated as such upon initial recognition irrevocably.
80th Integrated Annual Report
484
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
Subsequently, these are measured at fair value and changes therein are recognised directly in other comprehensive
income, net of applicable income taxes.
Dividends from these equity investments are recognised in the statement of Profit and Loss when the right to
receive payment has been established. When the equity investment is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss
in equity is transferred to retained earnings.
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (Debt instruments): Financial assets having
contractual terms that give rise on specified dates, to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
interest on the principal outstanding and that are held within a business model whose objective is to hold such
assets in order to collect such contractual cash flows as well as to sell the financial asset, are classified in this
category. Subsequently, these are measured at fair value, with unrealised gains or losses being recognised in
other comprehensive income apart from any expected credit losses or foreign exchange gains or losses, which
are recognised in profit or loss.
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss: Financial assets are measured at fair value through profit
and loss unless it is measured at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income on initial
recognition. The transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets and liabilities at fair
value through profit and loss are immediately recognised in profit and loss.
Classification and measurement – financial liabilities:
Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as
at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition.
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense,
are recognised in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or
loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.
Financial guarantee contracts: These are initially measured at their fair values and, are subsequently measured
at the higher of the amount of loss allowance determined or the amount initially recognised less, the cumulative
amount of income recognised.
Other financial liabilities: These are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
Equity instruments:
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences residual interests in the assets of the Company after
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds received,
net of direct issue costs.
ii) Determination of fair value:
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
estimated using another valuation technique.
The fair value of a financial instrument on initial recognition is normally the transaction price (fair value of the
consideration given or received).
In estimating the fair value of an asset or liability, the Company takes into account the characteristics of the asset
or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability
at the measurement date.
Subsequent to initial recognition, the Company determines the fair value of financial instruments that are quoted
in active markets using the quoted bid prices (financial assets held) or quoted ask prices (financial liabilities
held) and using valuation techniques for other instruments. Valuation techniques include discounted cash flow
method and other valuation methods.
iii) Derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities:
The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
expires or it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
485 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
another entity. If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
and continues to control the transferred asset, the Company recognises its retained interest in the asset and an
associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Company retains substantially all the risks and rewards
of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Company continues to recognise the financial asset and also
recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is
recognised in profit or loss. When a financial instrument is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss in equity
is transferred to the statement of profit and loss unless it was an equity instrument electively held at fair value
through other comprehensive income. In this case, any cumulative gain or loss in equity is transferred to retained
earnings. Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. The Company
reviews the facts and circumstances around each asset before making a determination. Financial assets that are
written off could still be subject to enforcement activities.
Financial liabilities are decrecognised when these are extinguished, that is when the obligation is discharged,
cancelled or has expired.
iv) Impairment of financial assets:
The Company recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on a financial asset that is at amortised
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income. Expected credit losses are forward looking and are
measured in a way that is unbiased and represents a probability-weighted amount, takes into account the time
value of money (values are discounted using the applicable effective interest rate) and uses reasonable and
supportable information.
v) Hedge accounting:
The Company uses foreign currency forward contracts to hedge its risks associated with foreign currency
fluctuations relating to highly probable forecast transactions. The Company designates these forward contracts
in a cash flow hedging relationship by applying the hedge accounting principles. The Company also uses interest
rate swaps to hedge its variability in cash flows from interest payments arising from floating rate liabilities i.e.
when interests are paid according to benchmark market interest rates.
Derivatives are initially measured at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are measured at fair
value, and changes therein are generally recognised in profit or loss.
At inception of the hedge relationship, the Company documents the economic relationship between the hedging
instrument and the hedged item, including whether changes in the cash flows of the hedging instrument are
expected to offset changes in the cash flows of the hedged item. The Company documents its risk management
objective and strategy for undertaking its hedging transactions. The Company designates only the intrinsic value
of foreign exchange options in the hedging relationship. The Company designates amounts excluding foreign
currency basis spread in the hedging relationship for both foreign exchange forward contracts and cross- currency
interest rate swaps. Changes in the fair value of the derivative contracts that are designated and effective as
hedges of future cash flows are recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve within other comprehensive income
(net of tax), and any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the statement of profit and loss.
Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to the statement of Profit and Loss or Balance Sheet in the
periods in which the forecasted transactions occurs.
For forwards and options, forward premium and the time value are not considered part of the hedge. These are
treated as cost of hedge and the changes in fair value attributable to forward premium is recognised in the other
comprehensive income along with the changes in fair value determined to be effective portion of the hedge.
Effective portion of fair value changes of interest rate swaps that are designated as hedges against interest rate
risk arising from floating rate debt are recognised in other comprehensive income.
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, or
no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified to the statement of
profit and loss in the periods in which the forecast transactions affect profit or loss or as an adjustment to a non-
financial item (e.g. inventory) when that item is recognised on the balance sheet. These deferred amounts are
80th Integrated Annual Report
486
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
ultimately recognised in profit or loss as the hedged item affects profit or loss (for example through cost of goods
sold). For forecast transactions, any cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised in equity is
retained there until the forecast transaction occurs.
If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in equity is
immediately transferred to the statement of Profit and Loss for the year.
42(b) Disclosures on financial instruments
This section gives an overview of the significance of financial instruments for the Company and provides additional
information on balance sheet items that contain financial instruments.
(a) Financial assets and liabilities
The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair value of each category of financial assets and liabilities
as at March 31, 2025.
(₹ in crores)
Derivatives
Cash and Derivatives
other than
other in hedging
in hedging Total
financial Investments Investments relationship Total fair
Financial assets relationship carrying
assets at - FVTOCI - FVTPL at fair value value
at fair value value
amortised through
through
cost profit or loss
profit or loss
(a) Investments-non-current - 1,709 - - - 1,709 1,709
(b) Investments-current - - 2,857 - - 2,857 2,857
(c) Trade receivables 2,280 - - - - 2,280 2,280
(d) Cash and cash equivalents 387 - - - - 387 387
(e) Other bank balances 1,214 - - - - 1,214 1,214
(f) Loans 3,315 - - - - 3,315 3,315
(g) Other financial assets 1,999 - - 59 436 2,494 2,494
Total 9,195 1,709 2,857 59 436 14,256 14,256
(₹ in crores)
Derivatives Derivatives
Other
other than in hedging
financial Total
in hedging relationship Total fair
Financial liabilities liabilities at carrying
relationship at fair value value
amortised value
(at fair through
cost
value) profit or loss
(a) Long-term borrowings (including Current maturities
of long-term borrowings) - - 7,315 7,315 7,391
(b) Lease liabilities - - 398 398 398
(c) Short-term borrowings - - 1,293 1,293 1,293
(d) Trade payables - - 13,267 13,267 13,267
(e) Other financial liabilities 5 3 1,240 1,248 1,248
Total 5 3 23,513 23,521 23,597
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
487 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair value of each category of financial assets and liabilities
as at March 31, 2024.
(₹ in crores)
Derivatives
Cash and Derivatives
other than
other in hedging
in hedging Total
financial Investments Investments relationship Total fair
Financial assets relationship carrying
assets at - FVTOCI - FVTPL at fair value value
at fair value value
amortised through
through
cost profit or loss
profit or loss
(a) Investments-non-current - 1,586 - - - 1,586 1,586
(b) Investments-current 33 - 1,961 - - 1,994 1,994
(c) Trade receivables 2,765 - - - - 2,765 2,765
(d) Cash and cash equivalents 3,345 - - - - 3,345 3,345
(e) Other bank balances 1,806 - - - - 1,806 1,806
(f) Loans 234 - - - - 234 234
(g) Other financial assets 1,737 - - 316 325 2,378 2,378
Total 9,920 1,586 1,961 316 325 14,108 14,108
(₹ in crores)
Derivatives Derivatives
Other
other than in hedging
financial Total
in hedging relationship Total fair
Financial liabilities liabilities at carrying
relationship at fair value value
amortised value
(at fair through
cost
value) profit or loss
(a) Long-term borrowings (including current maturities
of long-term borrowings) - - 7,088 7,088 7,131
(b) Lease liabilities - - 419 419 419
(c) Short-term borrowings - - 6,683 6,683 6,683
(d) Trade payables - - 13,335 13,335 13,335
(e) Other financial liabilities 76 2 1,321 1,399 1,399
Total 76 2 28,846 28,924 28,967
Fair Value Hierarchy
The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured subsequent to initial
recognition at fair value, grouped into Level 1 to Level 3, as described below.
Quoted prices in an active market (Level 1): This level of hierarchy includes financial instruments that are
measured by reference to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. This
category consists of quoted equity shares, quoted corporate debt instruments and mutual fund investments.
Valuation techniques with observable inputs (Level 2): This level of hierarchy includes financial assets and
liabilities, measured using inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly (i.e; as prices) or indirectly (i.e; derived from prices). This level of hierarchy include
Company’s over-the-counter (OTC) derivative contracts.
Valuation techniques with significant unobservable inputs (Level 3): This level of hierarchy includes financial
assets and liabilities measured using inputs that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
Fair values are determined in whole or in part, using a valuation model based on assumptions that are neither
supported by prices from observable current market transactions in the same instrument nor are they based on
available market data.
80th Integrated Annual Report
488
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
There has been no transfers between level 1, level 2 and level 3 for the years ended March 31, 2025 and
2024 respectively.
The investments in certain unquoted equity instruments which are held for medium or long-term strategic
purpose and are not held for trading. Upon the application of Ind AS 109, the Company has chosen to designate
these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as the management believe that this provides a more
meaningful presentation for medium or long-term strategic investments, than reflecting changes in fair value in
profit or loss.
Derivatives are fair valued using market observable rates and published prices together with forecast cash flow
information where applicable.
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3* Total
Financial assets measured at fair value
(a) Investments 3,705 - 861 4,566
(b) Derivative assets - 495 - 495
Total 3,705 495 861 5,061
Financial liabilities measured at fair value
(a) Derivative liabilities - 8 - 8
Total - 8 - 8
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2024
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3* Total
Financial assets measured at fair value
(a) Investments 2,850 - 730 3,580
(b) Derivative assets - 641 - 641
Total 2,850 641 730 4,221
Financial liabilities measured at fair value -
(a) Derivative liabilities - 78 - 78
Total - 78 - 78
* Movement due to change in fair value of unquoted Investment in equity shares measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income.
The following table provides an analysis of fair value of financial instruments that are not measured at fair value
on recurring basis, grouped into Level 1 to Level 3 categories:
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2025
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial liabilities not measured at fair value
(a) Long-term borrowings (including current maturities of long term
borrowing) 2,566 4,825 - 7,391
(b) Short-term borrowings - 1,293 - 1,293
(c) Option premium payable - 9 - 9
Total 2,566 6,127 - 8,693
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
489 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31, 2024
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial liabilities not measured at fair value
(a) Long-term borrowings (including current maturities of long term
borrowing) 3,652 3,479 - 7,131
(b) Short-term borrowings - 6,683 - 6,683
(c) Option premium accrual - 74 - 74
Total 3,652 10,236 - 13,888
Other short-term financial assets and liabilities are stated at amortised cost which is approximately equal to their
fair value.
The fair value of borrowings which have a quoted market price in an active market is based on its market price
and for other borrowings the fair value is estimated by discounting expected future cash flows, using a discount
rate equivalent to the risk-free rate of return, adjusted for the credit spread considered by the lenders for
instruments of similar maturity.
Management uses its best judgment in estimating the fair value of its financial instruments. However, there are
inherent limitations in any estimation technique. Therefore, substantially for all financial instruments, the fair
value estimates presented above are not necessarily indicative of all the amounts that the Company could have
realised or paid in sale transactions as of respective dates. As such, the fair value of the financial instruments
subsequent to the respective reporting dates may be different from the amounts reported at each period end.
(b) Offsetting :
Certain financial assets and financial liabilities are subject to offsetting where there is currently a legally
enforceable right to set off recognised amounts and the Company intends to either settle on a net basis, or to
realise the asset and settle the liability, simultaneously.
Certain derivative financial assets and financial liabilities are subject to master netting arrangements, whereby
in the case of insolvency, derivative financial assets and financial liabilities will be settled on a net basis.
The following table discloses the amounts that have been offset, in arriving at the balance sheet presentation
and the amounts that are available for offset only under certain conditions as at March 31, 2025:
(₹ in crores)
Amounts subject to an
Gross amount enforceable master netting
recognised Net amount arrangement Net amount
Gross amount presented in
recognised as set off in the balance Cash after
the balance sheet Financial collateral offsetting
sheet instruments (received/
pledged)
Financial assets
(a) Derivative financial instruments 495 - 495 (7) - 488
(b) Trade receivables 2,380 (100) 2,280 - - 2,280
Total 2,875 (100) 2,775 (7) - 2,768
Financial liabilities
(a) Derivative financial instruments 8 - 8 (7) - 1
(b) Trade payables including
acceptances 13,367 (100) 13,267 - - 13,267
Total 13,375 (100) 13,275 (7) - 13,268
80th Integrated Annual Report
490
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
The following table discloses the amounts that have been offset in arriving at the balance sheet presentation and
the amounts that are available for offset only under certain conditions as at March 31, 2024:
(₹ in crores)
Amounts subject to an
Gross amount enforceable master netting
recognised Net amount arrangement Net amount
Gross amount presented in
recognised as set off in the balance Cash after
the balance sheet Financial collateral offsetting
sheet instruments (received/
pledged)
Financial assets
(a) Derivative financial instruments 641 - 641 (12) - 629
(b) Trade receivables 2,851 (86) 2,765 - - 2,765
(c) Loans-current 137 (5) 132 - - 132
Total 3,629 (91) 3,538 (12) - 3,526
Financial liabilities
(a) Derivative financial instruments 78 - 78 (12) - 66
(b) Trade payables 13,426 (91) 13,335 - - 13,335
Total 13,504 (91) 13,413 (12) - 13,401
(c) Financial risk management :
In the course of its business, the Company is exposed primarily to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates, interest rates, equity prices, liquidity and credit risk, which may adversely impact the fair value of its
financial instruments.
The Company has a risk management policy which not only covers the foreign exchange risks but also other risks
associated with the financial assets and liabilities such as interest rate risks and credit risks. The risk management
policy is approved by the board of directors. The risk management framework aims to:
• Create a stable business planning environment by reducing the impact of currency and interest rate
fluctuations on the Company’s business plan.
• Achieve greater predictability to earnings by determining the financial value of the expected earnings
in advance.
(i) Market risk
Market risk is the risk of any loss in future earnings, in realisable fair values or in future cash flows that may
result from a change in the price of a financial instrument. The value of a financial instrument may change
as a result of changes in the interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity price fluctuations,
liquidity and other market changes. Future specific market movements cannot be normally predicted with
reasonable accuracy.
(a) Foreign currency exchange rate risk:
T he fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates may have potential impact on the income statement,
statement of comprehensive income, balance sheet, statement of changes in equity and statement
of cash flows where any transaction references more than one currency or where assets/liabilities are
denominated in a currency other than the functional currency.
C onsidering the countries and economic environment in which the Company operates, its operations
are subject to risks arising from fluctuations in exchange rates in those countries. The risks primarily
relate to fluctuations in U.S. dollar, Euro and GBP against the respective functional currencies of
the Company.
T he Company, as per its risk management policy, uses foreign exchange and other derivative instruments
primarily to hedge foreign exchange and interest rate exposure. Any weakening of the functional
currency may impact the Company’s cost of exports and cost of borrowings and consequently may
increase the cost of financing the Company’s capital expenditures.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
491 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
The Company evaluates the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations by assessing its exposure to
exchange rate risks. It hedges a part of these risks by using derivative financial instruments in accordance
with its risk management policies.
The foreign exchange rate sensitivity is calculated for each currency by aggregation of the net foreign
exchange rate exposure of each currency and a simultaneous parallel foreign exchange rates shift in the
foreign exchange rates of each currency by 10% while keeping the other variables as constant.
The exposure as indicated below is mitigated by some of the derivative contracts entered into by the
Company as disclosed in (iv) derivative financial instruments and risk management below.
The following table sets forth information relating to foreign currency exposure (other than risk arising from
derivatives disclosed at clause (iv) below) as of March 31, 2025:
(₹ in crores)
US$ GBP Others1 Total
Financial assets 285 64 72 421
Financial liabilities 2,914 5 54 2,973
1Others mainly include currencies such as the Euro, Chinese yuan, South african rand, Singapore Dollar, Thai
bahts and Bangladesh taka.
10% appreciation/depreciation of the respective foreign currencies with respect to functional currency of
the Company would result in decrease/increase in the Company’s net profit/(loss) and equity before tax by
approximately ₹42 crores and ₹297 crores for financial assets and financial liabilities respectively for the
year ended March 31, 2025.
The following table sets forth information relating to foreign currency exposure (other than risk arising from
derivatives disclosed at clause (iv) below) as of March 31, 2024:
(₹ in crores)
US$ GBP Others 2 Total
Financial assets 319 64 61 444
Financial liabilities 3,861 2 54 3,917
2 Others mainly include currencies such as the Euro, Chinese yuan, South african rand, Singapore Dollar,
Thai bahts and Bangladesh taka.
10% appreciation/depreciation of the respective foreign currencies with respect to functional currency of
the Company would result in decrease/increase in the Company’s net profit/(loss) and equity before tax by
approximately ₹44 crores and ₹392 crores for financial assets and financial liabilities respectively for the
year ended March 31, 2024.
(Note: The impact is indicated on the profit before tax.)
(b) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates will lead to changes in fair value of financial
instruments or changes in interest income, expense and cash flows of the Company.
The Company is subject to variable interest rates on some of its interest bearing liabilities. The Company’s
interest rate exposure is mainly related to debt obligations. The Company also uses a mix of interest rate
sensitive financial instruments to manage the liquidity and fund requirements for its day to day operations like
short term loans.
As at March 31, 2025 and 2024, financial liabilities of ₹1,175 crores and ₹3,783 crores, respectively, were subject
to variable interest rates. Increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates at the balance sheet date would
result in decrease/increase in profit before tax of ₹12 crores and ₹38 crores for the year ended March 31, 2025
and 2024, respectively.
80th Integrated Annual Report
492
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
The model assumes that interest rate changes are instantaneous parallel shifts in the yield curve. Although some
assets and liabilities may have similar maturities or periods to re-pricing, these may not react correspondingly
to changes in market interest rates. Also, the interest rates on some types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate
with changes in market interest rates, while interest rates on other types of assets may change with a lag.
The risk estimates provided assume a parallel shift of 100 basis points interest rate across all yield curves. This
calculation also assumes that the change occurs at the balance sheet date and has been calculated based on risk
exposures outstanding as at that date. The period end balances are not necessarily representative of the average
debt outstanding during the period.
This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency rates, remain constant.
(Note: The impact is indicated on the profit before tax.)
(c) Equity Price risk
Equity Price Risk is related to the change in market reference price of the investments in equity securities..
The fair value of some of the Company’s investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive
income exposes the Company to equity price risks. These investments are subject to changes in the market price
of securities. The fair value of Company’s investment in quoted equity securities as of March 31, 2025 and 2024
was ₹848 crores and ₹856 crores, respectively. A 10% change in equity price as of March 31, 2025 and 2024
would result in a pre- tax impact of ₹85 crores and ₹86 crores, respectively.
(Note: The impact is indicated on equity before consequential tax impact, if any).
(ii) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss arising from counterparty failure to repay or service debt according to
the contractual terms or obligations. Credit risk encompasses both the direct risk of default and the risk of
deterioration of creditworthiness as well as concentration risks.
Financial instruments that are subject to concentrations of credit risk, principally consist of investments classified
as fair value through profit and loss, trade receivables, loans and derivative financial instruments. The Company
strives to promptly identify and reduce concerns about collection due to a deterioration in the financial conditions
and others of its main counterparties by regularly monitoring their situation based on their financial condition.
None of the financial instruments of the Company result in material concentrations of credit risks.
Exposure to credit risk
The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. The maximum exposure
to credit risk was ₹13,395 crores and ₹13,378 crores as at March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, being the
total of the carrying amount of balances with banks, short term deposits with banks, trade receivables, finance
receivables, margin money and other financial assets excluding equity investments.
Financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired
None of the Company’s cash equivalents, including short term deposits with banks, are past due or impaired.
Regarding trade receivables and other receivables, and other loans or receivables that are neither impaired
nor past due, there were no indications as at March 31, 2025, and March 31, 2024, that defaults in payment
obligations will occur.
Credit quality of financial assets and impairment loss
The ageing of trade receivables as of balance sheet date is given below. The age analysis has been considered
from the due date.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
493 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
As at March 31,
2025 2024
Overdue Overdue
Trade receivables
6 6
More More
Up to 6 months Up to 6 months
Not due 1-2 years 2-3 years than 3 Total Not due 1-2 years 2-3 years than 3 Total
months to 1 months to 1
years years
year year
Undisputed
(a) Considered good 1,096 416 119 76 12 62 1,781 1,451 547 151 138 45 108 2,440
(b) Which have significant
increase in credit risk - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
(c) Credit impaired 104 53 17 4 32 108 318 69 45 21 15 16 110 276
Disputed
(a) Considered good - - - 70 65 461 596 - - 52 - 19 371 442
(b) Which have significant
increase in credit risk - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
(c) Credit impaired - - - 28 28 116 172 - - 10 6 0 132 148
Total 1,200 469 136 178 137 747 2,867 1,520 592 234 159 80 721 3,306
Less : Allowance for
receivables considered
good (97) (117)
Less: Allowance for credit
impaired receivables (490) (424)
Total 2,280 2,765
Trade receivable from
Government organizations 79 123 37 142 69 509 959 111 43 164 105 48 471 942
Trade receivables consist of a large number of various types of customers, spread across geographical areas. Ongoing
credit evaluation is performed on the financial condition of these trade receivables and where appropriate allowance
for losses are provided. Further the Company, groups the trade receivables depending on type of customers and
accordingly credit risk is determined.
(iii) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty to meet its financial obligations. The
objective of liquidity risk management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for
use as per requirements.
The Company has obtained fund and non-fund based working capital lines from various banks. Further, the
Company has access to funds from debt markets through commercial paper programs, non-convertible
debentures, senior notes and other debt instruments. The Company invests its surplus funds in bank fixed
deposit and liquid and liquid plus schemes of mutual funds, which carry no/low mark to market risks.
The Company also constantly monitors funding options available in the debt and capital markets with a view to
maintaining financial flexibility.
The table below provides undiscounted contractual maturities of financial liabilities, including estimated interest
payments as at March 31, 2025:
(₹ in crores)
Total
Carrying Due in 1st Due in 2nd Due in 3rd to Due after 5th
Financial liabilities contractual
amount Year Year 5th Year Year
cash flows
(a) Trade payables 13,267 13,267 - - - 13,267
(b) Borrowings and interest 8,719 5,525 2,282 1,615 194 9,616
thereon
(c) Other financial liabilities 1,129 1,000 74 72 58 1,204
(d) Lease liabilities 398 154 117 158 74 503
(e) Derivative liabilities 8 8 - - - 8
Total 23,521 19,954 2,473 1,845 326 24,598
80th Integrated Annual Report
494
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of financial liabilities, including estimated
interest payments as at March 31, 2024:
(₹ in crores)
Total
Carrying Due in 2nd Due in 3rd to Due after 5th
Financial liabilities Due in 1st Year contractual
amount Year 5th Year Year
cash flows
(a) Trade payables 13,335 13,335 - - - 13,335
(b) Borrowings and interest 13,939 9,630 3,894 1,644 137 15,305
thereon
(c) Other financial liabilities 1,153 965 89 113 62 1,229
(d) Lease liabilities 419 150 120 164 92 526
(e) Derivative liabilities 78 13 - - 65 78
Total 28,924 24,093 4,103 1,921 356 30,473
(iv) Derivative financial instruments and risk management
The Company has entered into a variety of foreign currency, interest rates and commodity forward contracts
and options to manage its exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and commodity
price risk. The counterparty is generally a bank. These financial exposures are managed in accordance with the
Company’s risk management policies and procedures.
The Company also enters into interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swap agreements, mainly to
manage exposure on its fixed rate or variable rate debt. The Company uses interest rate derivatives or currency
swaps to hedge exposure to exchange rate fluctuations on principal and interest payments for borrowings
denominated in foreign currencies. In all cases the Company uses a hedge ratio of 1:1.
Specific transactional risks include risks like liquidity and pricing risks, interest rate and exchange rate fluctuation
risks, volatility risks, counterparty risks, settlement risks and gearing risks.
Fair value of derivative financial instruments are determined using valuation techniques based on information
derived from observable market data.
The fair value of derivative financial instruments is as follows:
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Foreign currency forward exchange contracts and options 468 621
(b) Commodity Derivatives 6 7
(c) Interest rate derivatives 13 (65)
Total 487 563
The loss due to fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates on derivative contracts, recognised in the income
statement was ₹19 crores and ₹210 crores for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
(v) Commodity Risk
The Company is exposed to commodity price risk arising from the purchase of certain raw materials such as
aluminium, copper, platinum and palladium. This risk is mitigated through the use of derivative contracts and
fixed-price contracts with suppliers. The derivative contracts are not hedge accounted under Ind AS 109 but are
instead measured at fair value through profit or loss.
The (gain)/loss on commodity derivative contracts, recognised in the statement of profit and loss was ₹(38)
crores and ₹58 crores for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
495 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
43 Related-party transactions
The Company’s related parties principally includes subsidiaries, joint operations, associates and their subsidiaries, Tata Sons
Pvt Limited, subsidiaries and joint arrangements of Tata Sons Pvt Limited. The Company routinely enters into transactions
with these related parties in the ordinary course of business.
All transactions with related parties are conducted at arm’s length price under normal terms of business and all amounts
outstanding are unsecured and will be settled in cash.
The following table summarises related-party transactions and balances for the year ended/as at March 31, 2025:
(₹ in crores)
Tata Sons Pvt
Joint
Limited, its
Arrangements Associates and
Subsidiaries subsidiaries Total
and its its subsidiaries
and joint
subsidiaries
arrangements
(A) Transactions
Purchase of products 1,233 2,591 2,024 257 6,105
Sale of products 1,443 157 405 1,721 3,726
Services received (including reimbursements) 823 1 19 451 1,294
Services rendered (including reimbursements) 1,246 12 8 54 1,320
Bills discounted 502 - - 4,720 5,222
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 13 - 21 7 41
Sale of property, plant and equipment 18 - - - 18
Purchase of investments in a subsidiary company
(Refer Note 6(7)) 1 - - - 1
Sale of investments in a subsidiary company (Refer
Note 6(6)) 150 - - - 150
Finance given (including loans and equity) 4,866 - - - 4,866
Finance given, taken back (including loans) 1,158 - - - 1,158
Finance taken (including loans) 10,244 - 222 - 10,466
Finance taken, paid back (including loans) 16,524 - 314 - 16,838
Borrowing towards lease liability (net) - - - (35) (35)
Cancellation of 'A' Ordinary shares of ₹2 each (refer
note 20 (i)) - - - 8 8
Allotment of Ordinary shares of ₹2 each (refer note
20 (i)) - - - 5 5
Interest expense 325 0 10 50 385
Interest income 129 0 - - 129
Dividend income 1,831 - 92 44 1,967
Dividend Paid - - - 947 947
(B) Balances
Amount receivable in respect of Loans and interest
thereon 3,907 - - - 3,907
Amounts payable in respect of loans and interest
thereon - - - 15 15
Amount payable in respect of Lease Liability - - - 192 192
Trade and other receivables 372 6 105 347 830
Trade payables 242 32 82 234 590
Acceptances - - - 40 40
Deposit taken as security - - - 0 0
Provision for amount receivable (including loans) 661 - - - 661
Guarantees given on behalf of subsidiaries (Not yet
utilised) 861 - - - 861
80th Integrated Annual Report
496
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
The following table summarises related-party transactions and balances for the year ended/as at March 31, 2024:
(₹ in crores)
Joint Tata Sons Pvt
Arrangements Associates and Limited, its
Subsidiaries Total
and its its subsidiaries subsidiaries and
subsidiaries joint arrangements
(A) Transactions
Purchase of products 3,005 2,737 2,116 434 8,292
Sale of products 2,200 1,707 286 1,252 5,445
Services received (including reimbursements) 1,135 1 6 319 1,461
Services rendered (including reimbursements) 1,484 15 15 80 1,594
Bills discounted 7,610 - - 7,959 15,569
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 11 - 19 3 33
Sale of property, plant and equipment 0 - - - 0
Finance given (including loans and equity) 949 - 150 - 1,099
Finance given, taken back (including loans) 174 - - 7 181
Finance taken (including loans) 18,725 - 120 - 18,845
Finance taken, paid back (including loans) 17,796 - 76 - 17,872
Borrowing towards lease liability (net) 76 - - - 76
Interest expense 436 - 5 59 500
Interest income 8 0 - - 8
Dividend income 580 - 32 24 636
Dividend paid - - - 316 316
(B) Balances
Amount receivable in respect of Loans and interest
thereon 790 - - - 790
Amounts payable in respect of loans and interest thereon 6,280 - 92 - 6,372
Amount payable in respect of Lease Liability 70 - - - 70
Trade and other receivables 669 72 16 443 1,200
Trade payables 361 59 56 213 689
Acceptances 570 - - 506 1,076
Assets / deposits given/taken as security 0 - - - 0
Provision for amount receivable (including loans) 661 - - - 661
Guarantees given on behalf of subsidiaries (Not yet utilised) 636 - - - 636
Details of significant transactions are given below (More than 10% of total transaction value with related parties) :
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Name of Related Party Nature of relationship
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
i) Purchase of products
Tata Motors Body Solutions Ltd Subsidiary 595 922
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Ltd Subsidiary 302 1,734
Tata Cummins Private Ltd Joint Arrangement 2,590 2,730
ii) Sale of products
Fiat India Automobiles Private Ltd Joint Arrangement 42 1,606
TML CV Mobility Solutions Ltd Subsidiary 678 1,142
Nita Company Limited Associate 393 267
TIL Motor Trading FZE Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries and
joint arrangements 583 -
Tata Advance Systems Ltd Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries and
joint arrangements 861 626
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
497 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Name of Related Party Nature of relationship
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
iii) Services received
Tata Technologies Ltd Subsidiary 541 613
Tata Motors Body Solutions Ltd Subsidiary 117 389
Tata Consultancy Services Limited Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries and 202 100
joint arrangements
iv) Services rendered
Jaguar Land Rover Ltd Subsidiary 161 167
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Ltd Subsidiary 889 995
Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Ltd Subsidiary 134 247
v) Bills discounted
Tata Capital Ltd Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries and 4,720 7,959
joint arrangements
Tata Motors Finance Holdings Ltd Subsidiary 502 5,594
TMF Business Services Ltd Subsidiary - 1,214
vi) Purchase of property, plant and equipment
Tata Technologies Ltd Subsidiary 13 11
Tata Autocomp Systems Ltd Associates and its subsidiaries 9 8
TM Automotive Seating Systems Private Ltd Associates and its subsidiaries 2 5
TACO Air International Thermal Systems Private Ltd Associates and its subsidiaries - 4
TACO Prestolite Electric (India) Private Ltd Associates and its subsidiaries 4 -
Tata Consultant Engineering Ltd Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries and 5 -
joint arrangements
vii) Sale of property, plant and equipment
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Ltd Subsidiary 4 -
Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Ltd Subsidiary 14 -
TML CV Mobility Solutions Ltd Subsidiary - 0
TML Smart City Mobility Solutions (J&K) Private Ltd Subsidiary - 0
viii) Finance given (including loans and equity)
TMF Holdings Ltd Subsidiary 2,940 -
TML CV Mobility Solutions Ltd Subsidiary 750 662
TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Ltd Subsidiary 971 261
Freight Commerce Solutions Private Ltd Associates - 150
ix) Finance given, taken back (including loans and
equity)
TMF Holdings Ltd Subsidiary 795 -
TML CV Mobility Solutions Ltd Subsidiary 118 119
TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Ltd Subsidiary 218 -
x) Finance taken (including loans and equity)
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Ltd Subsidiary 6,459 13,268
Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Ltd Subsidiary 1,642 2,527
Tata Technologies Ltd Subsidiary 1,786 1,796
xi) Finance taken, paid back (including loans and
equity)
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Ltd Subsidiary 10,102 12,360
Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Ltd Subsidiary 3,839 2,389
Tata Technologies Ltd Subsidiary 2,008 2,059
xii) Borrowing towards lease liability (net)
Tata Capital Ltd Tata Sons Pvt Ltd, its subsidiaries and (35) 76
joint arrangements
xiii) Interest expense
Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Ltd Subsidiary 122 146
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Ltd Subsidiary 166 197
xiv) Interest income
TMF Holdings Ltd Subsidiary 76 -
Tata Hispano Motors Carroceries Maghreb S.A. Subsidiary 15 -
80th Integrated Annual Report
498
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
Name of Related Party Nature of relationship
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Tata Motors Body Solutions Ltd Subsidiary - 0
TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Ltd Subsidiary 16 1
TML CV Mobility Solutions Ltd Subsidiary 13 7
xv) Dividend income
TML Holdings Pte Ltd Subsidiary 1,308 -
Tata Technologies Ltd Subsidiary 218 373
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Ltd Subsidiary 254 151
xvi) Dividend paid
Tata Sons Pvt Ltd Promoter Company 895 299
Refer note 33(B) for information on transactions with post employment benefit plans.
Compensation of key management personnel:
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Short-term benefits 22 20
Post-employment benefits* 1 1
Share based payment accrual 7 7
The compensation of Executive Director is ₹7 crores and ₹5 crores for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The share based payment accrual is ₹1 crore and ₹1 crore for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The compensation of Group CFO is ₹16 crores and ₹15 crores for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The share based payment accrual is ₹6 crores and ₹6 crores for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The Company has paid dividend of ₹19,51,692 and ₹5,67,680 for the year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively to
key managerial personnel and to relatives of key managerial personnel.
* Provisions for contribution to gratuity, leave encashment and other defined benefit are determined by actuary on an
overall Company basis at the end of each year and, accordingly, have not been considered in the above information. The
amount is disclosed only at the time of payment.
44 D isclosures required by Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Section 186 (4) of the Companies Act, 2013
(a) Amount of loans / advances in nature of loans outstanding from subsidiaries on a standalone basis
(₹ in crores)
Outstanding as at Maximum amount
Name of the Company March 31, 2025/ outstanding during
March 31, 2024 the year
(i) Subsidiaries:
Tata Motors Body Solutions Ltd 174 199
(Tata Motors Body Solutions Limited has utilised this loan for meeting its capex requirement
and general corporate purposes) - 14
TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Ltd 438 438
(TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Limited has utilised this loan for meeting its capex
requirement and general corporate purposes) 46 46
TML CV Mobility Solutions Ltd 497 497
(TML CV Mobility Solutions Limited has utilised this loan for meeting its capex requirement
and general corporate purposes) 125 125
Jaguar Land Rover Technology and Business Services India (P) Ltd. 5 5
(Jaguar Land Rover Technology and Business Services India (P) Ltd. has utilised this loan for
general corporate purposes) - -
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
499 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
(₹ in crores)
Outstanding as at Maximum amount
Name of the Company March 31, 2025/ outstanding during
March 31, 2024 the year
TMF Holdings Ltd. 2,145 2,145
(TMF Holdings Ltd. has utilised this loan for general corporate purposes) - -
Tata Hispano Motors Carrocera S.A. 561 561
(Tata Hispano Motors Carrocera S.A. has utilised this loan for meeting its capex requirement,
grant repayment and general corporate purposes, which is fully provided) 561 561
Tata Hispano Motors Carroceries Maghreb SA 58 58
(Tata Hispano Motors Carroceries Maghreb SA has utilised this loan for general corporate 58 58
purposes, which is partly provided)
(b) Details of Investments made are given in notes 6, 7 and 8.
45 Details of significant investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
Country of incorporation/ % direct holding as at March 31,
Name of the Company
Place of business 2025 2024
Subsidiaries
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Ltd India 100.00 100.00
Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Ltd India 100.00 100.00
TML CV Mobility Solutions Ltd India 100.00 100.00
Tata Motors Global Services Ltd (formerly known as TML Business India
Services Ltd) [refer Note 6(6)] 50.00 100.00
Tata Motors Insurance Broking and Advisory Services Ltd India 100.00 100.00
TML Commercial Vehicles Ltd India 100.00 -
Tata Technologies Ltd. India 53.39 53.39
TMF Holdings Ltd. India 100.00 100.00
Tata Motors Body Solutions Ltd India 100.00 100.00
TML Holdings Pte Ltd Singapore 100.00 100.00
Tata Hispano Motors Carrocera S.A. Spain 100.00 100.00
Tata Hispano Motors Carroceries Maghreb S.A. Morocco 100.00 100.00
Brabo Robotics and Automation Ltd India 100.00 100.00
Tata Precision Industries Pte Ltd Singapore 78.39 78.39
Jaguar Land Rover Technology and Business Services India (P) Ltd. India 100.00 100.00
TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Ltd India 100.00 100.00
Associates
Automobile Corporation of Goa Ltd India 48.98 48.98
Nita Co. Ltd Bangladesh 40.00 40.00
Tata AutoComp Systems Ltd India 26.00 26.00
Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery Company Private Ltd India 39.74 39.74
Freight Commerce Solutions Private Ltd India 26.79 26.79
Joint Venture (JV)
Fiat India Automobiles Private Ltd India 50.00 50.00
80th Integrated Annual Report
500
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
46 Transactions with struck off companies
The following table summarises the transactions and balances with the companies struck off under section 248 of the
Companies Act, 2013 or section 560 of Companies Act, 1956 for the year ended / as at March 31, 2025:
(₹ in crores)
Nature of transactions with Amount of Balance Relationship with the
Name of struck off Company
struck off Company transactions outstanding Struck off company
Arul Motors Pvt. Ltd. Services Received - 0 External vendor
Bhavani Automobiles Pvt. Ltd. Services Received - 0 External vendor
Cautela Techno Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Services Received - 0 External vendor
Farman Steels India Pvt. Ltd. Material Purchase - 0 External vendor
Highway Auto Tech Pvt. Ltd. Services received - 0 External vendor
Him Motors Pvt. Ltd. Services Received - 0 External vendor
Honeycomb Relationship Management Pvt. Ltd. Services received - 0 External vendor
Jog Gears Pvt. Ltd. Material Purchase - 0 External vendor
Metlon Engineers Pvt. Ltd. Material Purchase - 0 External vendor
Rvee Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Services Received - 0 External vendor
Rudrapratap Forms Pvt. Ltd. Material purchase - 0 External vendor
S.M.A. Automobiles Pvt. Ltd. Services Received - (0) External vendor
Wabco Foundation Breaks Pvt. Ltd. Material Purchase - 0 External vendor
BM Carriers Pvt. Ltd. Warranty/AMC claims - (0) External customer
Rohit Automobiles Pvt. Ltd. Warranty/AMC claims - (0) External customer
Banai Auto Works Pvt. Ltd. Customer Deposit balance - (0) External customer
Lal Singh Motors Pvt. Ltd. Customer Deposit balance - (0) External customer
Jessica Motors Pvt. Ltd. Warranty/AMC claims - 0 External customer
Santosh Motors Workshop Pvt. Ltd. Warranty/AMC claims - 0 External customer
Ashok Autocare Pvt. Ltd. Customer Deposit balance - (0) External customer
Balasanka Cars Pvt. Ltd. Customer Deposit balance - (0) External customer
Centaa Car Tracks Pvt. Ltd. Customer Deposit balance - (0) External customer
Sts Trading Pvt. Ltd. Warranty/AMC claims - (0) External customer
The following table summarises the transactions with the companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act,
2013 or section 560 of Companies Act, 1956 for the year ended / as at March 31, 2024:
Nature of transactions with Amount of Relationship with the
Name of struck off Company Balance outstanding
struck off Company transactions Struck off company
Balasanka Cars Pvt. Ltd. Services received - 0 External vendor
Chart D&S India Pvt. Ltd. Material purchase - 0 External vendor
Cautela Techno Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Services received 0 0 External vendor
Farman Steels India Pvt. Ltd. Material purchase - 0 External vendor
Highway Auto Tech Pvt. Ltd. Services received - 0 External vendor
Honeycomb Relationship Management Pvt. Services received External vendor
Ltd. 0 0
Rudrapratap Forms Pvt. Ltd. Material purchase 0 0 External vendor
Taxi Films Pvt. Ltd. Services received - 0 External vendor
Verific Investigation Consultants and Services Services received External vendor
Pvt. Ltd. - 0
BM Carriers Pvt. Ltd. Warranty/AMC claims - (0) External customer
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
501 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
47 Additional information
The financial statements include the Company’s proportionate share of assets, liabilities, income and expenditure in its
Joint Operation, namely Tata Cummins Private Limited (including its subsidiary company). Below are supplementary details
of Tata Motors Limited on standalone basis excluding interest in the aforesaid Joint Operation:
A. Balance Sheet
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
I. ASSETS
(1) Non-current assets
(a) Property, plant and equipment 11,046 11,050
(b) Capital work-in-progress 621 598
(c) Right of use assets 633 423
(d) Other intangible assets 1,696 2,182
(e) Intangible assets under development 1,127 580
(f) Financial assets:
(i) Investments in subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates 29,040 28,052
(ii) Other investments 1,709 1,586
(iii) Loans 255 102
(iv) Other financial assets 1,478 1,858
(g) Deferred tax assets (net) - 1,717
(h) Non-current tax assets (net) 848 948
(i) Other non-current assets 511 470
48,964 49,566
(2) Current assets
(a) Inventories 2,842 3,181
(b) Financial assets:
(i) Investments 2,610 1,878
(ii) Trade receivables 2,151 2,627
(iii) Cash and cash equivalents 320 3,253
(iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above 1,214 1,806
(v) Loans 3,060 132
(vi) Other financial assets 1,085 583
(c) Current tax assets (net) - 12
(d) Other current assets 900 1,079
14,182 14,551
(3) Assets classified as held-for-sale - 37
TOTAL ASSETS 63,146 64,154
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
(a) Equity share capital 736 767
(b) Other equity 31,305 28,045
32,041 28,812
Liabilities
(1) Non-current liabilities
(a) Financial liabilities:
(i) Borrowings 3,626 5,225
(ii) Lease liabilities 270 296
(iii) Other financial liabilities 160 240
(b) Provisions 2,132 1,889
(c) Deferred tax liabilities (net) 175 -
(d) Other non-current liabilities 849 816
7,212 8,466
(2) Current liabilities
(a) Financial liabilities:
(i) Borrowings 4,769 8,224
(ii) Lease liabilities 128 123
(iii) Trade payables
(a) Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 149 182
(b) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small
enterprises 10,064 8,298
(c) Acceptances 2,874 4,820
(iv) Other financial liabilities 980 1,105
(b) Other current liabilities 2,759 2,924
(c) Provisions 2,169 1,148
(d) Current tax liabilities (net) 1 52
23,893 26,876
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 63,146 64,154
80th Integrated Annual Report
502
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
B. Statement of Profit and Loss
(₹ in crores)
Year ended Year ended
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Revenue from operations
(a) Revenue 68,023 71,878
(b) Other operating revenues 548 551
I. Total revenue from operations 68,571 72,429
II. Other income 2,942 1,300
III. Total income (I+II) 71,513 73,729
IV. Expenses:
(a) Cost of materials consumed 39,927 45,049
(b) Purchase of products for sale 7,367 7,764
(c) Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and products
for sale 303 (615)
(d) Employee benefits expense 4,314 4,123
(e) Finance costs 1,111 1,700
(f) Foreign exchange loss (net) 72 255
(g) Depreciation and amortisation expense 1,903 1,917
(h) Product development/engineering expenses 1,033 1,105
(i) Other expenses 9,184 8,675
(j) Amount transferred to capital and other account (1,190) (1,120)
Total expenses (IV) 64,024 68,853
V. Profit before exceptional items and tax (III-IV) 7,489 4,876
VI. Exceptional items-loss/(gain) (net) (refer note 38) 325 (2,809)
VII. Profit before tax (V-VI) 7,164 7,685
VIII. Tax expense/(credit) (net):
(a) Current tax (44) 27
(b) Deferred tax 1,826 (184)
Total tax expense/(credit) (net) 1,782 (157)
IX. Profit for the year (VII-VIII) 5,382 7,842
X. Other comprehensive income:
(A) (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
(a) Remeasurement losses on defined benefit obligations (net) (6) (73)
(b) Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
income (net) 123 381
(ii) Income tax credit/(expense) relating to items that will not be
reclassified to profit or loss (50) (30)
(B) (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss - gains/(loss) in cash
flow hedges 62 212
(ii) Income tax credit/(expense) relating to items that will be reclassified
to profit or loss (16) (53)
Total other comprehensive income for the year (net of tax) 113 437
XI. Total comprehensive income for the year (IX+X) 5,495 8,279
XII Earnings per share (EPS)
(a) Ordinary shares (face value of ₹2 each):
(i) Basic EPS ₹ 15.24 20.46
(ii) Diluted EPS ₹ 15.23 20.44
(b) ‘A’ Ordinary shares (face value of ₹2 each):
(i) Basic EPS ₹ NA 20.56
(ii) Diluted EPS ₹ NA 20.54
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
503 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
80th Integrated Annual Report
504
2024-25
5202
,13
hcraM
dedne
raey
eht
rof
ytiuqE
ni
segnahC fo tnemetatS
.C
latipaC
erahS ytiuqE
)i(
)serorc
ni
₹(
sraluctiraP
767
4202
,1 lirpA ta sa ecnalaB
)201(
))i(
02
eton
refer(
serahs
yranidrO
'A' fo notiallecnaC
17
))i(
02
eton
refer(
serahs
yranidrO
'A'
fo
notiallecnac
no
serahs yranidrO fo eussI
0
seeyolpme
yb
snotipo
kcots
fo esicrexe
no serahs fo eussI
637
5202
,13 hcraM ta sa ecnalaB
)serorc
ni
₹(
ytiuqE rehtO
)ii(
)ICO(
ytiuqe
fo
stnenopmoc
rehtO
sgninrae
deniateR
latipaC
erahS
-erahS
latoT
no(
evreser
erutnebeD
latipaC
notiacilppa
yre
tih
ut
qo
e
gf eo
n v
rit g es do seeC
rh
g en
vrig
ed see
RH
y Is Ctt
n Oiu
e q hmE
gu
ur
ot
rs hn
ti
elbatubirtsiD
)e 1lb
01a
t Su
Ab
i dr
nts
Ii (dnU
l ea
vr
re en
se eG
R
))e s tl esa
e ns n( (/
i) sr ue
bg
r fe om
n evo
rti ep
sm ereder
n evo
rti ep
sm ereder
ty g ne n en id mo nm te op
lla
d s et
ve n rs e ea
m sb ey
rap
s me
uti ii mru
ec
re PS
sraluctiraP
540,82
)03(
)3(
548
964,8
726
727,1
016,1
721
2
2
48
585,41
4202 ,1 lirpA ta sa ecnalaB
283,5
-
-
-
283,5
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey eht rof tfiorP
denfied
no ssol tnemerusaemeR
)4(
-
-
-
)4(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)ten( snotiagilbo tfieneb
)ssol(/emocni
evisneherpmoc rehtO
711
84
)2(
17
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey eht
rof
eht rof
emocni evisneherpmoc latoT
594,5
84
)2(
17
873,5
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey
ynapmoc
yraidisbus a ni ekats fo elaS
32
-
-
-
-
-
-
32
-
-
-
-
-
))6( 6 eton refer(
yraidisbus
a ni ekats fo esahcruP
)0(
-
-
-
-
-
-
)0(
-
-
-
-
-
))7( 6 eton refer( ynapmoc
notipmeder
erutnebed morf refsnarT
-
-
-
-
721
-
-
-
)721(
-
-
-
-
evreser
-
-
-
-
2
-
-
-
-
-
-
)2(
-
snotipo
kcots despal fo refsnarT ytiuqe ot detaler sesnepxE
)35(
-
-
-
)35(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
))i( 02 eton refer( noticasnart
eht
fo srenwo htiw snoticasnarT ynapmoC
yranidrO
'A' fo notiallecnac fo tceffE"
yranidrO
fo ecnaussi dna serahs )ten( serahs
13
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
13
"))i( 02 eton refer(
93
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
93
-
stnemyap desab-erahS
kcots fo
esicrexe no deviecer yenoM
53
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
53
-
-
seeyolpme yb snotipo yb notipo kcots fo esicrexE
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)63(
)33(
96
seeyolpme
)013,2(
-
-
-
)013,2(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
))g( )B(
12 eton refer( diap dnediviD
503,13
81
)5(
619
316,11
726
727,1
336,1
-
2
1
88
586,41
5202
,13 hcraM ta sa ecnalaB

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
505 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS
4202
,13
hcraM
dedne
raey
eht
rof
ytiuqE
ni
segnahC
fo tnemetatS
.D
latipaC
erahS
ytiuqE
)i(
)serorc
ni
₹(
sraluctiraP
667
3202
,1 lirpA ta
sa ecnalaB
1
seeyolpme
yb
snotipo
kcots
fo
esicrexe
no serahs
fo eussI
767
4202
,13
hcraM ta
sa ecnalaB
ytiuqE
rehtO
)ii(
)serorc
ni
₹(
latoT
)ICO(
ytiuqe
fo
stnenopmoc
rehtO
sgninrae
deniateR
latipaC
erutnebeD
latipaC
erahS
-erahS
setiiruceS
sraluctiraP
rehto
no(
evreser
notipmeder
notipmeder
notiacilppa
desab
muimerP
fo
tsoC
gnigdeH
ytiuqE
elbatubirtsiD
elbatubirtsidnU
lareneG
ytiuqe
/)regrem
evreser
evreser
yenom
stnemyap
gnigdeh
evreseR
stnemurtsni
)101
SA
dnI(
evreseR
fo
elas(
gnidnep
evreser
evreser
ICO
hguorht
)ssenisub
tnemtolla
)ten(
434,02
)922(
83
115
683,1
726
727,1
016,1
112
2
3
26
684,41
3202 ,1 lirpA
ta sa ecnalaB
248,7
-
-
-
248,7
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
raey
eht rof tfiorP
)55(
-
-
-
)55(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
no sessol tnemerusaemeR snotiagilbo
tfieneb
denfied )ten(
294
991
)14(
433
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
evisneherpmoc
rehtO
raey eht rof
)ssol(/emocni
972,8
991
)14(
433
787,7
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
emocni
evisneherpmoc
latoT raey eht
rof
-
-
-
-
48
-
-
-
)48(
-
-
-
-
erutnebed
morf refsnarT
evreser
notipmeder
)71(
-
-
-
)71(
ytiuqe ot detaler
sesnepxE noticasnart
fo renwo htiw
snoticasnarT ynapmoC
eht
93
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
93
-
stnemyap
desab-erahS
28
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
28
-
-
no
deviecer
yenoM
yb
snotipo kcots
fo esicrexe seeyolpme
)1(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
)38(
)71(
99
yb
notipo kcots
fo esicrexE seeyolpme
)177(
-
-
-
)177(
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
diap dnediviD
540,82
)03(
)3(
548
964,8
726
727,1
016,1
721
2
2
48
585,41
4202
,13 hcraM
ta sa ecnalaB

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
48 Ratio
Year ended March 31,
Sr No Particulars Change Reason for change
2025 2024
a) Debt Equity Ratio (number of times) 0.26 0.46 (43.48%) With the reduction in total debt
during the year and increase in
[Total Debt(i)/ Shareholders' Equity(ii)]
shareholders' equity on account of
profit during the year, the ratio has
decreased compared to previous year
b) Debt Service Coverage Ratio (number of 0.97 0.98 (1.02%)
times)
[(Profit after tax + Interest on borrowings
+ Depreciation and amortisation
expenses)/ (Interest on Borrowings
+ repayment of borrowings(iii)+
repayment of lease liabilities)]
c) Current ratio (number of times) 0.61 0.56 8.93%
[Current assets (excluding Assets classified
as held for sale) / Current liabilities
(excluding Liabilities directly associated
with Assets Classified as Held For Sale]
d) Trade receivable turnover (number of 27.52 28.90 (4.78%)
times)
[Revenue from operations / Average
Trade receivables]
e) Inventory turnover (number of times) 14.35 16.06 (10.65%)
[Raw material consumed(v) / average
inventory(vi)]
f) Trade payable turnover (number of 3.55 4.01 (11.37%)
times)
[Cost of material consumed(viii) /
Average Trade payables]
g) Net capital turnover (number of times) (12.13) (7.23) 67.75% Due to movement in working capital
on year-on-year basis
[Revenue from operations / Working
capital(iv)]
h) Net profit margin (%) 7.85% 10.78% (27.18%) Due to reduction in net profit after tax
during the year
[Net profit after tax / Revenue from
operations]
i) Return on equity (number of times) 0.17 0.30 (43.25%) Due to reduction in net profit after tax
during the year
[Net profit after tax / Average
shareholders' equity]
j) Return on capital employed (number of 0.20 0.15 33.33% Due to increase in profit before
times) interest and tax and reduction in
[Profit before interest and tax / Capital capital employed during the year
employed(vii)]
k) Return on investments (number of 0.16 0.24 (32.32%) Due to reduction in net profit after tax
times) during the year
[Net profit after tax / Average
investments]
Notes :
i. Total debts includes non current and current borrowings
ii. Equity = Equity share capital + Other equity
80th Integrated Annual Report
506
2024-25

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
iii. Repayment of borrowings includes repayment of long-term borrowings, proceeds from short-term borrowings,
repayment of short-term borrowings and net change in other short-term borrowings (with maturity up to three
months).
iv. Working capital = Current assets (excluding Assets classified as held for sale) - Current liabilities (excluding current
maturities of Iong term debt, interest accrued on borrowings and liabilities directly associated with assets classified
as held for sale).
v. Raw material consumed includes Cost of materials consumed, Purchases of products for sale and Changes in
inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and products for sale.
vi. Inventory includes Raw materials and components, Work-in-progress, Finished goods, Stores and spare parts,
Consumable tools and Goods-in-transit - Raw materials and components.
vii. Capital employed includes Shareholders’ Equity, non current and current borrowings.
viii. Includes Cost of material consumed and Purchases of products for sale.
49 Other statutory information :
I. The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the
Company for holding any Benami property.
II. The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the
statutory period.
III. The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
IV. The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any person(s) or entity(is), including foreign entities
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall: (a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other
persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or (b)
provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries, except as mentioned below:
The Company has advanced or loaned or invested ₹847 crores in various tranches, viz. May 22, 2024, June 26, 2024,
July 22, 2024, August 29, 2024, September 24, 2024, September 27, 2024, October 28, 2024, November 25, 2024,
December 26, 2024, January 28, 2025, February 24, 2025, February 27, 2025, March 6, 2025, March 24, 2025 and
March 25, 2025, in its wholly owned subsidiary TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Ltd (“TSCMSL”).
Out of the aforementioned amounts TSCMSL advanced or loaned or invested ₹192 crores in TML Smart City Solutions
(J&K) Pvt Ltd, its wholly owned subsidiary (ultimate beneficiary) in various tranches viz May 22, 2024 - ₹6 crores, June
26, 2024 - ₹9 crores, June 28, 2024 - ₹2 crores, July 12, 2024 - ₹3 crores, July 24, 2024 - ₹3 crores, August 30, 2024 - ₹3
crores, September 25, 2024 - ₹4 crores, October 28, 2024 - ₹5 crores, November 25, 2024 - ₹20 crores, December 26,
2024 - ₹9 crores, January 8, 2025 - ₹8 crores, February 25, 2025 - ₹30 crores, February 27, 2025 - ₹4 crores, March 20,
2025 - ₹5 crores and March 25, 2025 - ₹81 crores. Further, out of the aforementioned amount TSCMSL advanced or
loaned or invested ₹105 crores in TML CV Mobility Solutions Ltd, its fellow subsidiary (ultimate beneficiary) in various
tranches viz September 27, 2024 - ₹35 crores, October 28, 2024 - ₹26 crores, November 25, 2024 - ₹24 crores, January
8, 2025 - ₹7 crores, February 27, 2025 - ₹7 crores and March 20, 2025 - ₹6 crores.
The transactions mentioned above are not in violation of Prevention of Money-Laundering Act, 2002 and are complied
with the provisions of Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and Companies Act, 2013.
V. The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(is), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with
the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall: (a) directly or indirectly lend or
invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate
Beneficiaries) or (b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
VI. The Company does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or
survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
507 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notes forming part of Financial Statements
VII. The Company is not declared as willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution (as defined under the Companies
Act, 2013) or consortium thereof or other lender in accordance with the guidelines on willful defaulters issued by the
Reserve Bank of India.
VIII. The Company has complied with the number of layers for its holding in downstream companies prescribed under
clause (87) of section 2 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers)
Rules, 2017.
IX. The Company has not revalued any of its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right-of-Use Assets) during the
years ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
50 Other notes :
(i) Details of dues to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006
The information as required to be disclosed under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006
has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with the
Company. The amounts of principal and interest outstanding during the year are given below :
(₹ in crores)
As at As at
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
(a) Amounts outstanding but not due (including capital creditors) as at
March 31, 209 250
(b) Amounts due but unpaid as at March 31, - Principal 1 1
(c) Amounts paid after appointed date during the year - Principal 142 95
(d) Amount of interest accrued and unpaid as at March 31, - Interest 3 8
(e) Amount of estimated interest due and payable for the period from April - Interest
1,2024 to actual date of payment or May 13, 2025 (whichever is earlier) 0 0
(ii) The Company has a process whereby periodically all long term contracts (including derivative contracts) are assessed
for material foreseeable losses. At the year end, the Company has reviewed and ensured that adequate provision as
required under any law/accounting standards for material foreseeable losses on such long-term contracts (including
derivative contracts) has been made in books of account.
(iii) Current period figures are shown in bold prints.
(iv) The Board of Directors has, at its meeting held on August 1, 2024, approved (subject to the requisite and other
approvals) a Composite Scheme of Arrangement involving the demerger of its Commercial Vehicle (“CV”) business
undertaking into TML Commercial Vehicles Limited (newly incorporated entity) and the merger of Tata Motors
Passenger Vehicles Limited with the existing listed company thereby resulting in two separate listed companies for
the CV and Passenger Vehicle businesses. The Scheme of Arrangement has been filed with Hon’ble National Company
Law Tribunal for approval.
See accompanying notes to financial statements
In terms of our report attached For and on behalf of the Board
For B S R & Co. LLP N CHANDRASEKARAN [DIN: 00121863] P B BALAJI
Chartered Accountants Chairman Group Chief Financial Officer
Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022
VIJAY MATHUR GIRISH WAGH [DIN: 03119361] MALOY KUMAR GUPTA [ACS: 24123]
Partner Executive Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 046476
UDIN: 25046476BMOWLY1411
Place: Mumbai Place: Mumbai
Date: May 13, 2025 Date: May 13, 2025
80th Integrated Annual Report
508
2024-25

FINANCIAL STATISTICS - CONSOLIDATED
Year CAPITAL ACCOUNTS(`inlakhs) REVENUE ACCOUNTS (`inlakhs) RATIOS Net Worth
Per Share*
Capital Reserves and Borrowings Gross Block Accumulated Net Block Turnover Depreciation Profit/ (Loss) Taxes Profit/ (Loss) Dividend PAT to Sales Earnings Per Share Dividend Per Share*#(`) (`)
Surplus Depreciation Before Taxes After Taxes including tax (Basic)*(`)
Ordinary 'A' Ordinary Ordinary 'A' Ordinary
Share Share Share Share
2001-02 31,982 183,617 282,031 634,984 252,475 382,509 932,220 39,222 (18,015) (6,740) (10,719) 45 -1.1% (3.95) - - - 66 @
2002-03 31,983 190,018 178,965 648,959 284,038 364,921 1,144,801 40,190 54,350 22,640 29,712 14,497 2.6% 9.29 - 4.00 - 66
2003-04 35,683 329,884 169,842 728,468 323,749 404,719 1,634,104 42,556 144,487 53,077 91,529 32,099 5.6% 27.88 - 8.00 - 104 @
2004-05 36,179 403,537 271,420 834,162 375,933 458,229 2,284,217 53,101 184,809 49,062 138,534 52,346 6.1% 38.50 - 12.50! - 121 @
2005-06 38,287 574,860 337,914 1,027,949 484,356 543,593 2,750,725 62,331 234,898 64,000 172,809 58,439 6.3% 45.86 - 13.00 - 160 @
2006-07 38,541 733,626 730,190 1,294,083 542,665 751,418 3,707,579 68,809 308,800 88,321 216,999 68,822 5.9% 56.43 - 15.00 - 200 @
2007-08 38,554 831,198 1,158,487 1,892,393 606,049 1,286,344 4,060,827 78,207 308,629 85,154 216,770 67,674 5.3% 56.24 - 15.00 - 225 @
2008-09 51,405 542,659 3,497,385 6,900,238 3,326,905 3,573,333 7,489,227 250,677 (212,925) 33,575 (250,525) 36,458 -3.3% (56.88) (56.88) 6.00 6.50 114 ++
2009-10 57,060 763,588 3,519,236 7,291,985 3,441,352 3,850,633 9,736,054 388,713 352,264 100,575 257,106 100,185 2.6% 48.64 49.14 15.00 15.50 144 ^
2010-11 63,771 1,853,376 3,281,055 8,291,975 3,969,870 4,322,105 12,684,370 465,551 1,043,717 121,638 927,362 148,130 7.3% 155.25 155.75 20.00 20.50 302 ^^
2011-12 63,475 3,206,375 4,714,896 10,572,497 4,951,247 5,621,250 17,133,935 562,538 1,353,387 (4,004) 1,351,650 148,862 7.9% 42.58** 42.68** 4.00** 4.10** 103 ^^
2012-13 63,807 3,699,923 5,371,571 12,158,556 5,172,265 6,986,291 19,451,406 760,128 1,364,733 377,666 989,261 75,614 5.1% 31.02 31.12 2.00 2.10 118 ^^
2013-14 64,378 6,660,345 6,064,228 16,619,078 6,881,538 9,737,540 23,745,502 1,107,816 1,886,897 476,479 1,399,102 76,577 5.9% 43.51 43.61 2.00 2.10 209 ^^
2014-15 64,378 5,561,814 7,361,039 18,684,665 7,442,406 11,242,259 26,760,664 1,338,863 2,170,256 764,291 1,398,629 (3,319) 5.2% 43.44 43.54 0.00 0.00 175 ^^
2015-16 67,918 8,010,349 7,046,849 21,639,756 8,754,689 12,885,067 28,107,844 1,701,418 1,398,087 287,260 1,102,375 11,052 3.9% 32.61 32.71 0.20 0.30 238 ^^
2016-17 67,922 5,738,267 7,860,398 19,653,773 6,756,813 12,896,960 27,524,666 1,790,499 931,479 325,123 745,436 - 2.7% 21.94 22.04 - - 171 ^^^
2017-18 67,922 9,474,869 8,895,047 25,312,610 9,179,519 16,133,091 29,629,823 2,155,359 1,115,503 434,193 898,891 - 3.0% 26.46 26.56 - - 281
2018-19 67,922 5,950,034 10,617,534 26,365,294 12,128,250 14,237,044 30,490,371 2,359,063 (3,137,115) (243,745) (2,882,623) - -9.5% (84.89) (84.89) - - 177
2019-20 71,954 6,235,899 11,881,052 30,752,494 14,557,257 16,195,237 26,404,112 2,142,543 (1,057,998) 254,186 (1,207,085) - -4.6% (34.88) (34.88) - - 182
2020-21 76,581 5,448,091 13,590,451 33,385,256 17,498,474 15,886,782 25,243,794 2,354,671 (1,047,428) 254,186 (1,345,139) -5.3% (36.99) (36.99) - - 152
2021-22 76,588 4,379,536 13,967,704 33,353,994 18,524,057 14,829,937 28,150,725 2,483,569 (700,341) 423,129 (1,144,147) - -4.1% (29.88) (29.88) - - 116
2022-23 76,602 4,455,577 12,566,047 34,457,526 19,906,160 14,551,366 35,060,015 2,486,036 339,393 70,406 241,429 77,116 0.7% 6.29 6.39 2.00 2.10 118
2023-24 76,700 8,415,100 9,850,100 36,931,700 21,319,300 15,612,400 43,970,800 2,723,900 2,795,500 (385,200) 3,139,900 231,000 7.1% 81.95 82.05 6.00!! 6.20!! 222
2024-25 73,600 11,540,800 6,249,900 38,491,100 20,430,300 18,060,800 44,593,900 2,325,600 3,875,500 1,060,600 2,783,000 220,900 6.2% 78.80 NA 6.00 NA 329
@ On increased capital base due to conversion of Bonds / Convertible Debentures / Warrants / FCCN into shares.
* Equivalent to a face value of Rs.2/- per share.
# Includes Interim Dividend where applicable.
! Includes a special dividend of Rs. 2.50 per share for the Diamond Jubilee Year.
++ On increased capital base due to Rights issue and conversion of FCCN into shares.
^ On increased capital base due to GDS issue and conversion of FCCN into shares.
^^ On increased capital base due to QIP issue and conversion of FCCN into shares.
** Consequent to sub-division of shares, figures for previous years are not comparable
^^^ The figures of FY 2016-17 onwards are as per Ind AS
!! Includes a special dividend of Rs. 3.00 per fully paid up ordinary shares and Rs. 3.10 per fully paid up 'A" Ordinary share
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
509 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

FINANCIAL STATISTICS - STANDALONE
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS (` in lakhs) REVENUE ACCOUNTS (` in lakhs) RATIOS
Earnings Per Share Dividend Per
Year Capital Res Se ur rv pe ls u sand Borrowings Gross Block Depreciation Net Block Turnover Depreciation P Br eo fofi rt e/ ( TL ao xs es s) Taxes P Aro ftfi et r/ T ( aL xo es ss) incD li uv did ine gn d ta x P SA aT le t so Ordina( rB ya sic) '* A ( ' ` O) rdinary OrdinS ah ra yr e*# O ( r` d) 'A in' ary Ne St h W aro er *t h (` P )er
Share Share Share
Share
1945-46 100 1 - 31 2 29 12 2 1 - 1 - 8.3% 0.07 - - - 10
1949-50 200 11 94 233 44 189 167 15 11 5 6 - 3.6% 0.03 - - - 10
1953-54 500 27 412 731 270 461 321 97 3 - 3 - 0.9% 0.11 - - - 11
1954-55 627 27 481 792 303 489 445 35 - - - - 0.0% - - - - 11
1955-56 658 120 812 1,010 407 603 1,198 105 125 32 93 59 7.8% 1.32 - 0.60 - 12
1956-57 700 149 1,382 1,352 474 878 2,145 70 116 27 89 44 4.1% 1.64 - 0.80 - 13
1957-58 700 117 1,551 1,675 668 1,007 2,694 129 99 6 93 52 3.5% 1.72 - 0.90 - 12
1958-59 1,000 206 1,245 2,050 780 1,270 2,645 113 155 13 142 56 5.4% 1.68 - 0.90 - 12
1959-60 1,000 282 1,014 2,201 940 1,261 2,825 161 222 93 129 108 4.6% 1.50 - 1.25 - 13
1960-61 1,000 367 1,263 2,593 1,118 1,475 3,735 180 313 122 191 126 5.1% 2.26 - 1.45 - 14
1961-62 1,000 432 1,471 2,954 1,336 1,618 4,164 220 378 188 190 124 4.6% 2.28 - 1.45 - 15
1962-63 1,000 450 1,758 3,281 1,550 1,731 4,364 223 327 185 142 124 3.3% 1.68 - 1.45 - 15
1963-64 1,198 630 2,470 3,920 1,802 2,118 5,151 260 404 200 204 144 4.0% 1.97 - 1.45 - 16
1964-65 1,297 787 3,275 4,789 2,144 2,645 6,613 345 479 208 271 157 4.1% 2.39 - 1.45 - 17
1965-66 1,640 995 3,541 5,432 2,540 2,892 7,938 398 477 189 288 191 3.6% 2.20 - 1.45 - 18
1966-67 1,845 1,027 4,299 6,841 3,039 3,802 9,065 505 620 192 428 235 4.7% 2.80 - 1.45+ - 17
1967-68 1,845 1,121 5,350 7,697 3,608 4,089 9,499 572 395 66 329 235 3.5% 2.10 - 1.45 - 18
1968-69 1,845 1,295 5,856 8,584 4,236 4,348 10,590 630 582 173 409 235 3.9% 2.66 - 1.45 - 19
1969-70 1,845 1,333 6,543 9,242 4,886 4,356 9,935 662 274 - 274 221 2.8% 1.72 - 1.35 - 19
1970-71 1,845 1,516 6,048 10,060 5,620 4,440 13,624 749 673 270 403 251 3.0% 2.49 - 1.45 - 20
1971-72 1,949 2,020 6,019 10,931 6,487 4,444 15,849 758 885 379 506 273 3.2% 3.04 - 1.50 - 23
1972-73 1,949 2,194 5,324 12,227 7,491 4,736 15,653 820 832 360 472 266 3.0% 2.87 - 1.50 - 24
1973-74 1,949 2,394 6,434 13,497 8,471 5,026 16,290 902 1,007 450 557 180 3.4% 3.43 - 0.93 - 26
1974-75 1,949 2,827 9,196 15,838 9,593 6,245 22,510 1,134 677 136 541 266 2.4% 3.32 - 1.50 - 28
1975-76 2,013 3,691 9,399 18,642 10,625 8,017 27,003 1,054 855 91 764 276 2.8% 4.60 - 1.50 - 33
1976-77 2,328 3,833 11,816 20,709 11,685 9,024 28,250 1,145 1,056 - 1,056 323 3.7% 5.38 - 1.50+ - 30
1977-78 2,118 4,721 11,986 22,430 12,723 9,707 28,105 1,101 1,044 - 1,044 313 3.7% 5.37 - 1.50 - 35
1978-79 3,151 5,106 11,033 24,900 13,895 11,005 37,486 1,200 1,514 - 1,514 467 4.0% 5.36 - 1.60+ - 27
1979-80 3,151 6,263 17,739 28,405 15,099 13,306 44,827 1,300 1,762 - 1,762 605 3.9% 5.96 - 2.00 - 31
1980-81 3,151 8,095 15,773 33,055 16,496 16,559 60,965 1,616 2,437 - 2,437 605 4.0% 8.27 - 2.00 - 38
1981-82 4,320 10,275 25,476 38,819 18,244 20,575 79,244 1,993 4,188 - 4,188 839 5.3% 10.18 - 2.00+ - 35 @
1982-83 4,226 12,458 23,361 43,191 20,219 22,972 86,522 2,187 3,481 460 3,021 827 3.5% 7.34 - 2.00 - 40
1983-84 5,421 14,103 25,473 46,838 23,078 23,760 85,624 2,923 2,163 235 1,928 923 2.3% 3.61 - 2.00 - 37 @
1984-85 5,442 15,188 30,226 52,819 26,826 25,993 93,353 3,895 2,703 390 2,313 1,241 2.5% 4.32 - 2.30 - 39
1985-86 5,452 16,551 44,651 61,943 29,030 32,913 102,597 3,399 1,832 215 1,617 1,243 1.6% 3.00 - 2.30 - 41
1986-87 5,452 15,886 53,476 68,352 30,914 37,438 119,689 2,157 293 - 293 552 0.2% 0.51 - 1.00 - 40
1987-88 6,431 17,491 44,406 75,712 34,620 41,092 140,255 3,822 3,205 510 2,695 1,356 1.9% 4.25 - 2.30 - 38 @
1988-89 10,501 30,740 32,396 83,455 38,460 44,995 167,642 4,315 8,513 1,510 7,003 2,444 4.2% 6.74 - 2.50 - 40 @
1989-90 10,444 37,870 48,883 91,488 43,070 48,418 196,910 4,891 14,829 4,575 10,254 3,126 5.2% 9.87 - 3.00 - 47
1990-91 10,387 47,921 48,323 100,894 48,219 52,675 259,599 5,426 23,455 9,250 14,205 4,154 5.5% 13.69 - 4.00 - 56
1991-92 11,765 61,863 105,168 123,100 54,609 68,491 317,965 6,475 20,884 7,800 13,084 4,389 4.1% 12.45 - 4.00 - 67 @
1992-93 12,510 64,207 144,145 153,612 61,710 91,902 309,156 7,456 3,030 26 3,004 3,642 1.0% 2.47 - 3.00 - 63
1993-94 12,867 70,745 141,320 177,824 70,285 107,539 374,786 9,410 10,195 20 10,175 5,020 2.7% 7.91 - 4.00 - 65
1994-95 13,694 128,338 115,569 217,084 81,595 135,489 568,312 11,967 45,141 13,246 31,895 8,068 5.6% 23.29 - 6.00 - 104
1995-96 24,182 217,400 128,097 294,239 96,980 197,259 790,967 16,444 76,072 23,070 53,002 14,300 6.7% 21.92 - 6.00 - 100
1996-97 25,588 339,169 253,717 385,116 117,009 268,107 1,012,843 20,924 100,046 23,810 76,236 22,067 7.5% 30.40 - 8.00 - 143
1997-98 25,588 349,930 330,874 487,073 141,899 345,174 736,279 25,924 32,880 3,414 29,466 15,484 4.0% 11.51 - 5.50 - 147
1998-99 25,590 350,505 344,523 569,865 165,334 404,531 659,395 28,132 10,716 970 9,746 8,520 1.5% 3.81 - 3.00 - 147
1999-00 25,590 349,822 300,426 581,233 182,818 398,415 896,114 34,261 7,520 400 7,120 7,803 0.8% 2.78 - 2.50 - 147
2000-01 25,590 299,788 299,888 591,427 209,067 382,360 816,422 34,737 (50,034) - (50,034) - - (18.45) - - - 127
2001-02 31,982 214,524 230,772 591,006 243,172 347,834 891,806 35,468 (10,921) (5,548) (5,373) - - (1.98) - - - 77 @
2002-03 31,983 227,733 145,831 608,114 271,307 336,807 1,085,874 36,213 51,037 21,026 30,011 14,430 2.8% 9.38 - 4.00 - 81
2003-04 35,683 323,677 125,977 627,149 302,369 324,780 1,555,242 38,260 129,234 48,200 81,034 31,825 5.2% 24.68 - 8.00 - 102 @
2004-05 36,179 374,960 249,542 715,079 345,428 369,651 2,064,866 45,016 165,190 41,495 123,695 51,715 6.0% 34.38 - 12.50! - 114 @
2005-06 38,287 515,420 293,684 892,274 440,151 452,123 2,429,052 52,094 205,338 52,450 152,888 56,778 6.3% 40.57 - 13.00 - 145 @
2006-07 38,541 648,434 400,914 1,128,912 489,454 639,458 3,206,467 58,629 257,318 65,972 191,346 67,639 6.0% 49.76 - 15.00 - 178 @
2007-08 38,554 745,396 628,052 1,589,579 544,352 1,045,227 3,357,711 65,231 257,647 54,755 202,892 65,968 6.0% 52.64 - 15.00 - 203 @
2008-09 51,405 1,171,610 1,316,556 2,085,206 625,990 1,459,216 2,949,418 87,454 101,376 1,250 100,126 34,570 3.4% 22.70 23.20 6.00 6.50 238 ++
2009-10 57,060 1,439,487 1,659,454 2,364,896 721,292 1,643,604 4,021,755 103,387 282,954 58,946 224,008 99,194 5.6% 42.37 42.87 15.00 15.50 262 ^
2010-11 63,771 1,937,559 1,591,543 2,568,235 846,625 1,721,610 5,160,692 136,077 219,652 38,470 181,182 146,703 3.5% 30.28 30.78 20.00 20.50 315 ^^
2011-12 63,475 1,899,126 1,588,057 2,902,206 996,587 1,905,619 5,979,502 160,674 134,103 9,880 124,223 146,372 2.1% 3.90** 4.00** 4.00** 4.10** 62
2011-13 63,807 1,849,677 1,679,895 3,181,998 1,161,144 2,020,854 5,140,793 181,762 17,493 (12,688) 30,181 72,423 0.6% 0.93 1.03 2.00 2.10 60
2013-14 64,378 1,853,287 1,505,280 3,514,652 1,355,088 2,159,564 4,159,103 207,030 (102,580) (136,032) 33,452 74,196 0.8% 1.03 1.13 2.00 2.10 60
2014-15 64,378 1,421,881 2,113,441 3,785,500 1,603,098 2,182,402 4,141,264 260,322 (397,472) 76,423 (473,895) - -11.4% (14.72) (14.72) - - 46
2015-16 67,918 2,168,890 1,588,725 4,077,235 1,852,749 2,224,486 4,877,959 245,375 15,039 (8,384) 23,423 7,300 0.5% 0.68 0.78 0.20 0.30 66
2016-17 67,922 2,012,993 1,957,398 4,591,464 1,853,922 2,737,542 5,007,925 296,939 (242,077) 5,922 (247,999) - -5.0% (7.30) (7.30) - - 61 ^^^
2017-18 67,922 1,949,176 1,846,384 4,826,322 2,156,196 2,670,126 6,118,229 310,189 (94,692) 8,793 (103,485) - -1.7% (3.05) (3.05) - - 59
2018-19 67,922 2,148,330 1,863,963 5,158,440 2,311,007 2,847,433 7,175,742 309,864 239,893 37,833 202,060 - 2.8% 5.94 6.04 - - 65
2019-20 71,954 1,766,811 2,544,477 5,614,576 2,654,207 2,960,369 4,531,122 337,529 (712,734) 16,229 (728,963) - -16.1% (21.06) (21.06) - - 51
2020-21 76,581 1,829,016 2,174,872 5,814,264 2,881,217 2,933,047 4,787,443 368,161 (231,257) 8,287 (239,544) - -5.0% (6.59) (6.59) - - 50 ^^^^
2021-22 76,588 1,917,827 2,323,265 3,190,622 1,636,322 1,554,300 4,792,359 176,057 (124,754) 14,332 (139,086) - -2.9% (3.63) (3.63) - - 52
2022-23 76,602 2,170,383 1,887,244 3,074,325 1,511,598 1,562,727 6,657,827 176,686 125,480 (147,333) 272,813 77,116 4.1% 7.11 7.21 2.00 2.10 59
2023-24 76,700 2,937,600 1,377,100 3,258,600 1,700,700 1,557,900 7,445,300 201,700 785,100 (5,100) 790,200 231,000 10.6% 20.61 20.71 6.00!! 6.20!! 79
2024-25 73,600 3,270,600 860,800 3,430,900 1,837,000 1,593,900 7,221,500 200,800 735,200 190,000 545,200 220,900 7.5% 15.44 15.43 6.00 NA 95
Notes :
@ On increased capital base due to conversion of Bonds / Convertible Debentures / Warrants / FCCN into shares.
$ On increased capital base due to issue of Bonus Shares. Net Worth excludes ordinary dividends.
* Equivalent to a face value of Rs.2/- per share.
# Includes Interim Dividend where applicable.
+ Including on Bonus Shares issued during the year.
! Includes a special dividend of Rs. 2.50 per share for the Diamond Jubilee Year.
++ On increased capital base due to Rights issue and conversion of FCCN into shares.
^ On increased capital base due to GDS issue and conversion of FCCN into shares.
^^ On increased capital base due to QIP issue and conversion of FCCN into shares.
** Consequent to sub-division of shares, figures for previous years are not comparable
^^^ The figures of FY 2016-17 onwards are as per Ind AS with Joint operation
^^^^ Turnover and depreciation prior to FY 2020-21 includes figures of PV undertaking.
!! Includes a special dividend of Rs. 3.00 per fully paid up ordinary shares and Rs. 3.10 per fully paid up ‘A” Ordinary share
80th Integrated Annual Report
510
2024-25

STATEMENT PURSUANT TO FIRST PROVISO TO SUB-SECTION (3) OF SECTION 129 OF THE
COMPANIES ACT 2013, READ WITH RULE 5 OF COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS) RULES, 2014 IN THE
PRESCRIBED FORM AOC-1 RELATING TO SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES
Part - A
(` in crores)
Share
Investments
Date since capital (incl.
Profit/ (Loss) Proposed (except in case
which Reporting Exchange advances Reserves and Profit/ (Loss) Tax Expense/ Profit/(Loss) % of
Sr. No Subsidiary Country Total Assets Total Liabilities Turnover for the period/ dividend and tax of investment
subsidiary was currency Rate towards Surplus Before Tax (Credit) after tax shareholding
year * thereon in the
acquired capital where
subsidiaries)
applicable)
1 Tata Motors Global Services Limited 18-01-1997 India INR 1.00 53.06 110.34 247.82 84.43 222.68 35.29 33.90 1.40 1.40 - 115.17 100.00
2 TMF Business Services Limited 01-06-2006 India INR 1.00 37.23 (94.05) 176.64 233.47 44.38 (58.26) 5.28 (63.55) (63.55) - 5.04 100.00
3 Tata Technologies Limited 10-09-1997 India INR 1.00 81.13 3,471.48 6,637.45 3,084.84 5,174.83 917.47 244.45 673.03 673.03 - 611.72 55.39
4 Tata Motors Insurance Broking & Advisory
Services Ltd 14-07-1997 India INR 1.00 7.50 133.65 338.78 197.63 845.21 121.53 31.70 89.83 89.83 - 108.83 100.00
5 TMF Holdings Ltd (Name changed from Tata
Motors Finance Limited w.e.f. June 30, 2017) 01-06-2006 India INR 1.00 1,871.59 3,869.91 8,992.75 3,251.25 6.44 478.78 104.37 374.41 374.41 - (13.25) 100.00
6 Tata Motors Body Solutions Limited 20-09-2006 India INR 1.00 218.39 (249.26) 284.38 315.25 676.70 2.03 0.29 1.74 1.74 - - 100.00
7 Jaguar Land Rover India Limited 25-10-2012 India INR 1.00 280.25 426.50 2,470.64 1,763.89 5,516.86 934.43 (347.63) 586.80 586.80 383.94 - 100.00
8 Brabo Robotics and Automation Limited 17-06-2019 India INR 1.00 9.90 (9.90) - - - (0.02) - (0.02) (0.02) - - 100.00
9 Jaguar Land Rover Technology and Business
Services India Private Limited (Ceased to be
a JV and became a Wholly-owned Subsidiary) 13-07-2016 India INR 1.00 5.00 54.60 286.06 226.46 445.33 68.85 16.79 52.06 52.06 - 45.38 100.00
10 Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited 04-04-2020 India INR 1.00 9,417.15 (777.12) 20,454.57 11,814.54 48,969.47 717.83 164.10 553.72 553.72 - 2,233.86 100.00
11 TML CV Mobility Solutions Limited 07-06-2021 India INR 1.00 783.60 (18.62) 3,190.08 2,425.10 813.65 (35.70) 0.04 (35.74) (35.74) - - 100.00
12 Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Ltd 21-12-2021 India INR 1.00 700.00 4,271.22 10,018.90 5,047.68 14,589.52 96.19 1.69 94.50 94.50 - 1,150.36 100.00
13 TML Smart City Mobility Solutions Limited 25-05-2022 India INR 1.00 565.04 (24.58) 1,831.60 1,291.14 850.88 (19.29) 0.02 (19.31) (19.31) - 9.52 100.00
14 TML Smart City Mobility Solutions (J&K)
Private Limited 13-10-2022 India INR 1.00 114.88 (3.90) 411.03 300.05 104.67 (0.50) - (0.50) (0.50) - - 100.00
15 Tata Daewoo Mobility Company Ltd. 30-03-2004 South Korea KRW 0.06 57.57 1,952.01 3,727.67 1,718.09 5,531.98 36.19 4.84 31.35 31.35 - - 100.00
16 Tata Motors Design Tech Centre plc (Changed
from a direct subsidiary of TML to a WOS of
TPEML w.e.f. March 31, 2022) 01-09-2005 UK GBP 110.70 623.14 (74.33) 623.56 74.75 420.57 51.11 10.86 40.26 40.26 - - 100.00
17 Tata Motors (Thailand) Limited 28-02-2008 Thailand THB 2.51 1,075.52 (1,045.82) 73.14 43.44 0.80 233.09 76.01 157.08 157.08 - - 97.21
18 TML Holdings Pte Ltd, Singapore 04-02-2008 Singapore GBP 110.70 12,691.10 (4,148.77) 17,308.58 8,766.26 - 3,240.84 - 3,240.84 3,240.84 - - 100.00
19 Tata Hispano Motors Carrocera S.A 16-10-2009 Spain EUR 92.09 46.48 (975.55) 12.80 941.88 1.35 (9.04) - (9.04) (9.04) - - 100.00
20 Tata Hispano Motors Carroceries Maghreb 23-06-2014 Morocco MAD 8.84 154.44 (223.17) 47.02 115.76 11.29 3.24 0.03 3.21 3.21 - - 100.00
21 Trilix S.r.l 10-04-2006 Italy EUR 92.09 14.15 26.98 91.56 50.43 104.40 4.19 7.18 (2.99) (2.99) - - 100.00
22 Tata Precision Industries Pte Ltd 15-02-2011 Singapore SGD 63.71 41.56 (16.16) 25.45 0.05 - 0.32 - 0.32 0.32 - - 78.39
23 PT Tata Motors Indonesia 29-12-2011 Indonesia IDR 0.01 401.19 (82.38) 318.90 0.08 0.06 (0.06) - (0.06) (0.06) - - 100.00
24 INCAT International Plc. 03-10-2005 UK GBP 110.70 2.69 49.57 52.25 (0.00) - 0.05 0.01 0.04 0.04 - - 55.39
25 Tata Technologies Inc. 03-10-2005 USA USD 85.47 1,023.11 (235.95) 1,133.35 346.19 1,131.03 64.99 16.28 48.71 48.71 - - 55.44
26 Tata Technologies de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 03-10-2005 Mexico MXN 4.20 0.74 2.28 4.88 1.86 - 0.31 - 0.31 0.31 - - 55.44
27 Cambric Limited, Bahamas 01-05-2013 Bahamas USD 85.47 23.08 1.38 24.46 - - 0.22 - 0.22 0.22 - - 55.44
28 Tata Technolgies SRL, Romania 01-05-2013 Romania RON 18.51 5.69 76.28 92.25 10.28 80.70 0.77 - 0.77 0.77 - - 55.44
29 Tata Manufacturing Technologies Consulting
(Shanghai) Limited 10-03-2014 China CNY 11.77 3.62 66.66 70.28 8.99 55.88 (8.79) (0.14) (8.65) (8.65) - - 55.39
30 Tata Technologies Europe Limited 03-10-2005 UK GBP 110.70 0.12 1,235.46 1,615.50 379.92 1,661.39 268.99 67.45 201.54 201.54 - - 55.39
31 Tata Technologies Nordics AB 19-04-2017 Sweden SEK 8.51 0.18 (0.04) 75.24 75.10 113.99 (1.09) (0.17) (0.93) (0.93) - - 55.39
32 Tata Technologies GmbH 01-10-2005 Germany EUR 92.09 1.47 5.18 57.59 50.94 100.20 (10.17) - (10.17) (10.17) - - 55.39
33 Tata Technologies (Thailand) Limited 10-10-2005 Thailand BAHT 2.51 31.71 (30.40) 5.24 3.93 0.40 (9.09) - (9.09) (9.09) - - 55.39
34 TATA Technologies Pte Ltd. 07-12-2005 Singapore USD 85.47 461.54 481.39 960.62 17.69 84.70 284.56 (0.34) 284.90 284.90 - - 55.39
35 Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc 02-06-2008 UK GBP 110.70 16,612.62 14,220.12 70,153.64 39,320.89 - 11,685.34 (143.43) 11,828.77 11,541.92 4,284.22 - 100.00
36 Jaguar Land Rover Limited 02-06-2008 UK GBP 110.70 39,416.41 25,715.48 269,477.28 204,345.39 253,454.19 21,126.43 (219.79) 20,906.63 20,906.63 - - 100.00
37 Jaguar Land Rover Holdings Limited 02-06-2008 UK GBP 110.70 55.35 65,037.02 65,163.31 70.94 - 2,552.92 (119.96) 2,432.96 2,432.96 11,070.34 - 100.00
38 JLR Nominee Company Limited (dormant) 02-06-2008 UK GBP 110.70 0.00 - 0.00 - - - - - - - - 100.00
39 Jaguar Land Rover (South Africa) Holdings
Limited 02-02-2009 UK ZAR 4.63 0.00 2,297.79 2,338.30 40.51 - 335.60 (28.05) 307.54 307.54 - - 100.00
40 Jaguar Cars Limited (dormant) 02-06-2008 UK GBP 110.70 - - - - - - - - - - - 100.00
41 Land Rover Exports Limited (Business
transferred to Jaguar Land Rover Exports
Ltd) (dormant) 02-06-2008 UK GBP 110.70 - - - - - - - - - - - 100.00
42 The Lanchester Motor Company Limited
(dormant) 02-06-2008 UK GBP 110.70 0.00 - 0.00 - - - - - - - - 100.00
43 The Daimler Motor Company Limited
(dormant) 02-06-2008 UK GBP 110.70 16.61 0.00 16.61 - - - - - - - - 100.00
44 S S Cars Limited (dormant) 02-06-2008 UK GBP 110.70 0.00 - 0.00 - - - - - - - - 100.00
45 Daimler Transport Vehicles Limited
(dormant) 02-06-2008 UK GBP 110.70 0.00 - 0.00 - - - - - - - - 100.00
46 Jaguar Land Rover Pension Trustees Limited
(dormant) 02-06-2008 UK GBP 110.70 - - - - - - - - - - - 100.00
47 Jaguar Cars (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd (dormant) 02-06-2008 South Africa ZAR 4.63 - - - - - - - - - - - 100.00
48 Jaguar Land Rover Slovakia s.r.o. (JLRHL 0.01%
and JLRL 99.99%) 09-11-2015 Slovakia EUR 92.09 5,755.45 1,030.38 8,095.19 1,309.36 3,313.80 193.13 - 193.13 193.13 - - 100.00
49 Jaguar Racing Limited 02-02-2016 UK GBP 110.70 0.00 20.79 48.00 27.21 - 6.46 - 6.46 6.46 44.28 - 100.00
50 InMotion Ventures Limited 18-03-2016 UK GBP 110.70 0.00 (361.93) 630.66 992.60 - (107.29) - (107.29) (107.29) - - 100.00
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
511 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

(` in crores)
Share
Investments
Date since capital (incl.
Profit/ (Loss) Proposed (except in case
which Reporting Exchange advances Reserves and Profit/ (Loss) Tax Expense/ Profit/(Loss) % of
Sr. No Subsidiary Country Total Assets Total Liabilities Turnover for the period/ dividend and tax of investment
subsidiary was currency Rate towards Surplus Before Tax (Credit) after tax shareholding
year * thereon in the
acquired capital where
subsidiaries)
applicable)
51 In-Car Ventures Limited (100% Shareholding
transferred from InMotion Ventures Limited
to JLRHL on February 18, 2021) 24-10-2016 UK GBP 110.70 - (100.90) 0.00 100.90 2.21 3.97 - 3.97 3.97 - - 100.00
52 InMotion Ventures 2 Limited 25-10-2016 UK GBP 110.70 - 5.00 143.52 138.51 29.83 140.17 - 140.17 140.17 - - 100.00
53 InMotion Ventures 3 Limited 25-10-2015 UK GBP 110.70 - (201.71) 1,083.64 1,285.35 235.73 (82.71) - (82.71) (82.71) - - 100.00
54 Jaguar Land Rover Ireland (Services) Limited 27-07-2017 Ireland GBP 110.70 0.00 408.33 484.53 76.20 550.45 139.36 (9.31) 130.05 130.05 - - 100.00
55 Limited Liability Company Jaguar Land Rover
(Russia) 15-05-2009 Russia RUB 1.02 - 0.00 0.00 (0.00) 80.86 14.42 2.40 12.02 16.82 - - 100.00
56 Jaguar Land Rover (China) Investment Co Ltd. 02-06-2008 China CNY 11.77 78.85 7,545.69 8,192.24 567.71 37,875.86 2,990.98 (827.02) 2,163.96 2,163.96 2,353.40 - 100.00
57 Shanghai Jaguar Land Rover Automotive
Service Co. Ltd 10-03-2014 China CNY 11.77 18.83 (21.47) 75.83 78.48 45.93 2.30 (0.51) 1.79 1.79 - - 100.00
58 Jaguar Land Rover Colombia SAS 22-08-2016 Columbia COP 0.02 (8.14) 9.31 1.17 - - 23.05 - 23.05 23.05 - - 100.00
59 Jaguar Landrover Mexico S.A.P I de C.V 18-12-2008 Mexico MXN 4.20 16.16 38.84 497.43 442.43 1,529.30 58.35 (8.60) 49.75 49.75 64.40 - 100.00
60 Jaguar Landrover Services Mexico S.A C.V 23-12-2010 Mexico MXN 4.20 - - - - - - - - - - - 100.00
61 Jaguar Land Rover France SAS 01-02-2009 France EUR 92.09 40.20 44.75 1,313.32 1,228.37 8,542.17 83.75 (22.35) 61.40 61.40 69.03 - 100.00
62 Jaguar Land Rover Portugal-Veiculos e
Pecas, Lda. 02-06-2008 Portugal EUR 92.09 12.25 104.90 379.66 262.52 904.95 23.73 (5.95) 17.78 17.78 - - 100.00
63 Jaguar Land Rover Espana SL 02-06-2008 Spain EUR 92.09 383.46 86.13 1,361.94 892.35 2,672.42 51.06 (13.24) 37.82 37.82 158.85 - 100.00
64 Jaguar Land Rover Italia SpA 02-06-2008 Italy EUR 92.09 380.00 789.47 4,058.52 2,889.04 8,955.05 175.25 (57.32) 117.93 117.93 - - 100.00
65 Land Rover Ireland Limited 02-06-2008 Ireland EUR 92.09 0.00 - 0.00 - - (5.28) - (5.28) (5.28) 14.44 - 100.00
66 Jaguar Land Rover Korea Co. Ltd. 02-06-2008 South Korea KRW 0.06 0.29 136.11 1,986.33 1,849.93 4,373.29 131.05 (29.55) 101.50 101.50 76.64 - 100.00
67 Jaguar Land Rover Deutschland GmbH 02-06-2008 Germany EUR 92.09 122.65 780.62 4,960.54 4,057.26 9,771.54 270.78 (127.66) 143.12 143.12 - - 100.00
68 Jaguar Land Rover Austria GmbH 02-06-2008 Austria EUR 92.09 1.34 97.83 876.38 777.21 2,662.41 46.31 (11.38) 34.92 34.92 34.99 - 100.00
69 Jaguar Land Rover Australia Pty Limited 02-06-2008 Australia AUD 53.80 3.77 204.73 3,488.29 3,279.79 6,026.41 171.13 (41.50) 129.63 129.63 150.65 - 100.00
70 Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC. 02-06-2008 USA USD 85.47 341.88 7,980.04 25,684.80 17,362.88 93,882.05 2,010.53 (473.46) 1,537.07 1,537.07 - - 100.00
71 Jaguar Land Rover Japan Limited 01-10-2008 Japan JPY 0.57 27.24 287.70 1,826.90 1,511.97 5,643.19 101.87 (41.17) 60.69 60.69 65.79 - 100.00
72 Jaguar Land Rover Canada, ULC 02-06- 2008 Canada CAD 59.67 - 239.97 1,787.84 1,547.87 6,565.55 142.40 (36.84) 105.55 105.55 90.56 - 100.00
73 Jaguar e Land Rover Brasil Indústria e
Comércio de Veículos LTDA 02-06- 2008 Brazil BRL 14.81 217.81 (30.80) 317.88 130.87 361.61 36.45 (11.88) 24.57 24.57 - - 100.00
74 Jaguar Land Rover Belux N.V. 02-06- 2008 Belgium EUR 92.09 11.51 83.10 1,483.71 1,389.10 4,924.96 115.50 (21.98) 93.52 93.52 75.71 - 100.00
75 Jaguar Land Rover Nederland BV 02-06- 2008 Netherlands EUR 92.09 0.42 39.07 919.27 879.78 3,120.22 48.85 (12.51) 36.33 36.33 37.40 - 100.00
76 Jaguar Land Rover (South Africa) (Pty) Limited 02-06- 2008 South Africa ZAR 4.63 0.00 (11.71) 1,092.86 1,104.58 2,638.96 (94.01) 26.35 (67.67) (67.67) 231.70 - 100.00
77 Jaguar Land Rover Singapore Pte. Ltd 25-11-2015 Singapore SGD 63.71 4.78 9.78 115.83 101.27 261.19 12.45 (1.76) 10.69 10.69 3.54 - 100.00
78 Jaguar Land Rover Taiwan Company Pte. Ltd 18-12-2017 Taiwan TWD 2.63 10.12 27.03 742.31 705.17 2,131.96 21.56 (4.65) 16.91 16.91 45.48 - 100.00
79 Jaguar Land Rover Classic Deutschland GmbH 10-08-2018 Germany GBP 110.70 23.02 (27.30) 4.64 8.91 26.69 (4.19) - (4.19) (4.19) - - 100.00
80 Jaguar Land Rover Hungary KFT 30-07-2018 Budapest HUF 0.23 0.07 19.41 79.83 60.34 263.15 8.39 (6.92) 1.47 1.47 - - 100.00
81 Jaguar Land Rover Classic USA LLC (dormant) 01-06-2018 USA USD 85.47 - - - - - - - - - - - 100.00
82 Bowler Motors Limited 13-12-2019 UK GBP 110.70 33.21 (177.07) 13.91 157.76 13.88 (42.13) - (42.13) (42.13) - - 100.00
83 Jaguar Land Rover Ventures Limited 15-05-2019 UK GBP 110.70 0.00 - 0.00 - - - - - - - - 100.00
84 Jaguar Land Rover (Ningbo) Trading Co., Ltd. 04-11-2019 China CNY 11.77 1.18 1,569.94 3,615.39 2,044.28 13,911.83 1,135.96 (288.38) 847.57 847.57 1,301.08 - 100.00
85 Tata Daewoo Mobility Sales Company Limited 09-04-2010 South Korea KRW 0.06 4.00 18.91 73.67 50.77 84.33 9.74 2.37 7.37 7.37 - - 100.00
86 PT Tata Motors Distribusi Indonesia 11-02-2013 Indonesia IDR 0.01 318.20 (351.78) 57.76 91.33 20.18 (32.69) (0.52) (32.17) (32.17) - - 100.00
87 Tata Technologies Limited Employees Stock
Option Trust 25-06-2007 India INR 1.00 - 2.37 2.38 0.01 - 0.16 0.06 0.10 0.10 - - 55.39
88 INCAT International Limited ESOP 2000 01-10-2005 UK GBP 110.70 - 16.95 33.45 16.50 - (4.40) - (4.40) (4.40) - - 55.39
89 TML Commercial Vehicles Limited 23-06-2024 India INR 1.00 0 - - - - - - - - - - -
90 TML Securities Trust 09-07-2024 India INR 1.00 - - 9.89 9.89 - - - - - - - -
91 JLR Insurance Company Limited 09-10-2024 Guernsey GBP 110.70 - - - - - - - - - - - -
92 Tata Motors Digital.AI Labs Limited 17-03-2025 India INR 1.00 0 - - - - - - - - - - -
Details of Direct Subsidiaries, on consolidated
basis including their respective subsidiaries
included above
Tata Technologies Limited INR 1.00 81.13 3,471.48 6,637.45 3,084.84 5,174.83 917.47 244.45 673.03 673.03 - 611.72 55.39
Tata Motors Finance Holding Ltd INR 1.00 1,741.59 3,838.20 9,024.04 3,444.25 51.59 4,818.30 109.65 4,708.65 4,708.65 - 661.16 100.00
TML Holdings Pte. Limited Singapore** GBP 110.70 12,693.54 80,789.86 294,066.87 200,583.47 319,902.22 26,466.54 7,377.06 19,089.47 19,089.47 - 20,620.15 100.00
**TML Holding Pte Ltd, Singapore holds fully
Jaguar Rover Automotive Plc, Tata Daewoo
Mobility Company Ltd. and PT Tata Motors
Indonesia, the consolidated accounts of
which are given below:
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Plc
Consolidated GBP 110.70 16,612.66 82,138.68 288,625.84 189,874.49 320,608.29 27,386.16 (7,726.85) 35,113.01 19,659.31 4,269.92 - 100.00
Tata Daewoo Mobility Company Ltd. KRW 0.06 57.57 1,974.03 3,770.68 1,739.08 5,393.98 45.93 7.21 38.72 38.72 - - 100.00
PT Tata Motors Indonesia IDR 0.01 426.98 (459.19) 58.45 90.65 20.18 (32.74) (0.52) (32.23) (32.23) - - 100.00
80th Integrated Annual Report
512
2024-25

STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 129 (3) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 RELATED TO
ASSOCIATE COMPANIES AND JOINT VENTURES
Part - B
Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures held by the company on the year end Profit/(loss) for the year
Networth
attributable
Reason
Latest Amount of to Not Description
Considered why the
Sr. No Name of Associates/Joint Ventures audited Investment Extent of Shareholding in Considered of how associate/
Balance No. in Associates/ as per latest in there is
Holding % Consolidation joint venture
S Dh ae te et Jo (`in it
n
V ce rn ot ru er )e Bau ald ai nte cd
e
(` in crore) C (o ₹n `s io nl i cd ra oti reo )n s ii ng fln uifi ec na cn et is not
consolidated
Sheet
(` in crore)
Joint Operations
1 Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited March 31,2025 122,257,983 1,567 50.00% 3,343.89 184.13 - Note (a) -
2 Tata Cummins Private Ltd March 31,2025 90,000,000 90 50.00% 909.73 267.60 - Note (a) -
Joint ventures
1 Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Co Ltd December 31,2024 - 2,145 50.00% 3,371.00 -82.00 - Note (a) -
2 Jaguar Land Rover Schweiz AG
N/A 300 10 30.00% 2.08 22.50 - Note (b) -
3 Inchape JLR Europe Limited N/A - - 30.00% 53.07 31.82 - Note (b) -
4 Bilia JLR Import AB N/A 600 - 30.00% - - - Note (b) -
Associates
1 Tata AutoComp Systems Limited March 31,2025 52,333,170 77 26.00% 962.71 163.02 - Note (b) -
2 Automobile Corporation of Goa Limited March 31,2025 2,982,214 108 48.98% 179.69 23.14 - Note (b) -
3 Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery Company
Private Limited March 31,2025 45,428,572 239 39.74% 800.75 144.04 - Note (b) -
4 Tata Precision Industries (India) Limited March 31,2025 200,000 39.19% - - - Note (b) -
5 Nita Company Limited March 31,2025 16,000 1 40.00% 39.54 2.79 - Note (b) -
6 Synaptiv Limited N/A 15,600,000 2 33.33% - - - Note (b) -
7 Freight Commerce solutions Private Limited March 31,2025 158,269 150 26.79% 120.56 -21.75 - Note (b) -
8 Jaguar Cars Finance Limited March 31,2025 49,900 4 49.90% - - - Note (b) -
9 BMW TechWorks India Private Limited
(Incorporated on July 31, 2024) March 31,2025 10,000 - 50.00% 4.07 4.06 - Note (b) -
Unaudited financials considered for Consolidation
Note: (a) - There is a significant influence by virtue of joint control
(b) - There is a significant influence due to percentage (%) of share capital
INTEGRATED STATUTORY CONSOLIDATED STANDALONE
513 4 150 294 419
REPORT REPORTS FINANCIALS FINANCIALS

Notice
(PURSUANT TO SECTION 101 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013) read with Schedule IV to the Act and the Companies
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules,
Dear Member,
2014, Regulation 17, 25 and other applicable provisions
NOTICE is hereby given that the Eightieth Annual General of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Meeting of Tata Motors Limited will be held on Friday, Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
June 20, 2025 at 3:00 p.m. (IST) through video conferencing / 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as amended from time
other audio visual means to transact the following business: to time, the appointment of Mr Butschek, who has
submitted a declaration that he meets the criteria for
ORDINARY BUSINESS independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act
read with the Rules framed thereunder and Regulation
1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone
16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and who is
Financial Statements of the Company for the financial
eligible for appointment as an Independent Director of
year ended March 31, 2025 together with the Reports of
the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, for a term
the Board of Directors and the Auditors thereon.
of five years, i.e., from May 1, 2025 upto April 30, 2030
2. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Consolidated (both days inclusive) be and is hereby approved.”
Financial Statements of the Company for the financial
year ended March 31, 2025 together with the Report of 6. Re-appointment of Mr Kosaraju Veerayya Chowdary
the Auditors thereon. (DIN: 08485334) as an Independent Director for the
Second term
3. To declare a dividend on Ordinary Shares of the Company
for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
Resolution as a Special Resolution:
4. To appoint a Director in place of Mr N Chandrasekaran
(DIN: 00121863), who retires by rotation and being “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
eligible, offers himself for re-appointment. Sections 149, 152 and other applicable provisions of
the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), if any, read with
Schedule IV to the Act and the Companies (Appointment
SPECIAL BUSINESS
and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 [including
5. Appointment of Mr Guenter Karl Butschek (DIN:
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s)
07427375) as a Director and as an Independent Director
thereof for the time being in force], Regulation 17, 25
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following and any other applicable provisions of the Securities
Resolution as a Special Resolution: and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI
“RESOLVED THAT Mr Guenter Karl Butschek (DIN:
Listing Regulations’), as amended from time to time,
07427375), who was appointed as an Additional
and the Articles of Association of the Company, as well
Director of the Company with effect from May 1, 2025
as based on the recommendation of the Nomination
by the Board of Directors, based on recommendation
and Remuneration Committee, Mr Kosaraju Veerayya
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and
Chowdary (DIN: 08485334), who was appointed as
who holds office upto the date of this Annual General
an Independent Director of the Company at the 76th
Meeting of the Company under Section 161(1) of the
Annual General Meeting of the Company for a period
Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) [including any statutory
of five years, i.e., from October 27, 2020 up to October
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the
26, 2025 (both days inclusive), and who is eligible
time being in force] and Article 132 of the Articles of
for re-appointment and who meets the criteria for
Association of the Company, and who is eligible for
independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act
appointment and who has consented to act as a Director
and the Rules made thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b)
of the Company and in respect of whom the Company
of the SEBI Listing Regulations and who has submitted
has received a notice in writing under Section 160(1) of
a declaration to that effect and in respect of whom
the Act from a Member proposing his candidature for
the Company has received a Notice in writing from a
the office of Director of the Company, be and is hereby
Member under Section 160(1) of the Act proposing
appointed as a Director of the Company.
his candidature for the office of Director, be and is
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of hereby re-appointed as an Independent Director of
Sections 149, 150, 152 and other applicable provisions, if the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, for the
any, under the Act (including any statutory modification second consecutive term, i.e., from October 27, 2025
or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force)
upto October 10, 2029 (both days inclusive).”
80th Integrated Annual Report
514
2024-25

7. Appointment of Secretarial Auditors maintained by the Company for the financial year ending
March 31, 2026.”
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 9. Appointment of Branch Auditors
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
204 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), read with Rule 9 of
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section
the Companies (Appointment & Remuneration of
143(8) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, [including any
Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’)(including any statutory
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof,
modification(s) or re-enactment (s) thereof for the time
for the time being in force], and Regulation 24A of
being in force) read with the Companies (Audit and
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Auditors) Rules, 2014 as amended from time to time, the
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
Board of Directors be and is hereby authorised to appoint
2015, as amended, and based on the recommendation
Branch Auditor(s) of any Branch Office of the Company,
of the Audit Committee and the approval of the Board of
whether existing or which may be opened/acquired
Directors of the Company, consent of the Company be
hereafter, outside India, any firm(s) and/or person(s)
and is hereby accorded for appointment of M/s Parikh
qualified to act as Branch Auditors in consultation with
& Associates, Company Secretaries (Firm Registration
the Company’s Auditors, any persons, qualified to act as
No. P1988MH009800) as the Secretarial Auditor of
the Company for a period of five (5) consecutive years, Branch Auditors within the provisions of Section 143(8)
commencing on April 1, 2025, until March 31, 2030, to of the Act and to fix their remuneration.”
conduct Secretarial Audit of the Company and to furnish
10. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of the Company
the Secretarial Audit Report.
with Tata Cummins Private Limited (‘TCPL’), a Joint
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of Operations of the Company
the Company be and are hereby authorized to fix the
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
annual remuneration plus applicable taxes and out-of-
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
pocket expenses payable to them during their tenure as
the Secretarial Auditors of the Company, as determined “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
by the Audit Committee in consultation with the said Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable
Secretarial Auditors. provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as
are hereby authorized to take such steps and do all such
amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other
acts, deeds, matters, and things as may be considered
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’)
necessary, proper, and expedient to give effect to this
read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any
Resolution.”
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof
8. Ratification of Cost Auditor’s Remuneration for the time being in force] and other applicable laws
/ statutory provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
Related Party Transactions as well as subject to such
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
approval(s), consent(s) and/ or permission(s), as may
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section be required and based on the recommendation of
148(3) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Audit Committee, consent of the Members of the
the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of
modification (s) or re-enactment (s) thereof for the Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as
time being in force) and the Companies (Audit and the ‘Board’, which term shall be deemed to include the
Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, Audit Committee or any other Committee constituted
the Company be and hereby ratifies the remuneration / empowered / to be constituted by the Board from
of ₹6,00,000/- (Rupees Six lakhs Only) plus applicable time to time to exercise its powers conferred by this
taxes, travel, out-of-pocket and other expenses incurred Resolution) for the Material Related Party Transaction(s)
in connection with the audit, as approved by the Board of / Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) / Agreement(s) entered
Directors, payable to M/s Mani & Co., Cost Accountants into / proposed to be entered into (whether by way of an
(Firm Registration No. 000004) who are appointed as individual transaction or transactions taken together or
Cost Auditors to conduct the audit of the cost records a series of transactions or otherwise), as mentioned in
515

Notice
detail in the Explanatory Statement annexed herewith, approval(s), consent(s) and/ or permission(s), as may be
between the Company and Tata Cummins Private required and based on the recommendation of the Audit
Limited (‘TCPL’), a Joint Operations of the Company, on Committee, consent of the Members of the Company be
such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the
between the Company and TCPL, for an aggregate Company (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Board’, which
value not exceeding ₹7,550 crore (with funding term shall be deemed to include the Audit Committee
transactions not exceeding ₹50 crore at any point of or any other Committee constituted / empowered/
time and operational transactions not exceeding ₹7,500 to be constituted by the Board from time to time to
crore) during FY26, provided that such transaction(s) / exercise its powers conferred by this Resolution) to the
contract(s)/ arrangement(s) / agreement(s) is/are being Material Related Party Transaction(s) / Contract(s) /
carried out at an arm’s length pricing basis and in the Arrangement(s) / Agreement(s) entered into / proposed
ordinary course of business. to be entered into (whether by way of an individual
transaction or transactions taken together or a series of
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby
transactions or otherwise), as mentioned in detail in the
authorized to do and perform all such acts, deeds,
Explanatory Statement annexed herewith, between the
matters and things, as may be necessary, including
Company and Tata Advanced Systems Limited (‘TASL’) on
but not limited to, finalizing the terms and conditions,
such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed
methods and modes in respect of executing necessary
between the Company and TASL, for an aggregate value
documents, including contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
not exceeding ₹1,300 crore during FY26, provided that
agreement(s) and other ancillary documents; seeking
such transaction(s) / contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
necessary approvals from the authorities; settling all
agreement(s) is/are being carried out at an arm’s length
such issues, questions, difficulties or doubts whatsoever
pricing basis and in the ordinary course of business.
that may arise and to take all such decisions from powers
herein conferred; and delegate all or any of the powers RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby
herein conferred to any Director, Chief Financial Officer, authorized to do and perform all such acts, deeds,
Company Secretary or any other Officer / Authorised matters and things, as may be necessary, including
Representative of the Company, without being required but not limited to, finalizing the terms and conditions,
to seek further consent from the Members and that methods and modes in respect of executing necessary
the Members shall be deemed to have accorded documents, including contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
their consent thereto expressly by the authority of agreement(s) and other ancillary documents; seeking
this Resolution. necessary approvals from the authorities; settling all
such issues, questions, difficulties or doubts whatsoever
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the
that may arise and to take all such decisions from powers
Board in connection with any matter referred to or
herein conferred; and delegate all or any of the powers
contemplated in this Resolution, be and are hereby
herein conferred to any Director, Chief Financial Officer,
approved, ratified and confirmed in all respect.”
Company Secretary or any other Officer / Authorised
11. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of the Company Representative of the Company, without being required
with Tata Advanced Systems Limited (‘TASL’), a wholly to seek further consent from the Members and that
owned subsidiary of Tata Sons Private Limited, the the Members shall be deemed to have accorded
Promoter of the Company their consent thereto expressly by the authority of
this Resolution.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the
Board in connection with any matter referred to or
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
contemplated in this Resolution, be and are hereby
Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and other applicable
approved, ratified and confirmed in all respect.”
Regulations, if any, of the Securities and Exchange Board
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 12. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of the Company
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as with Automobile Corporation of Goa Limited (‘ACGL’),
amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other an associate of the Company
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’)
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof
for the time being in force] and other applicable laws/ “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
statutory provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable
Related Party Transactions as well as subject to such provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of
80th Integrated Annual Report
516
2024-25

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as Board in connection with any matter referred to or
amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other contemplated in this Resolution, be and are hereby
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.”
read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any
13. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of the Company
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof
with Tata Technologies Limited, a subsidiary of
for the time being in force] and other applicable laws/
the Company
statutory provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on
Related Party Transactions as well as subject to such To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
approval(s), consent(s) and/ or permission(s), as may be Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
required and based on the recommendation of the Audit
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
Committee, consent of the Members of the Company be
Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable
and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the
provisions under the Securities and Exchange
Company (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Board’, which
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
term shall be deemed to include the Audit Committee
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing
or any other Committee constituted/ empowered /
Regulations’), as amended from time to time,
to be constituted by the Board from time to time to
Section 2(76) and other applicable provisions of the
exercise its powers conferred by this Resolution) for
Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with the Rules framed
the Material Related Party Transaction(s)/ Contract(s) /
thereunder [including any statutory modification(s) or
Arrangement(s) / Agreement(s) entered into / proposed
re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force]
to be entered into (whether by way of an individual
and other applicable laws / statutory provisions, if any,
transaction or transactions taken together or a series
the Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions
of transactions or otherwise), as mentioned in detail
as well as subject to such approval(s), consent(s) and/
in the Explanatory Statement annexed herewith,
or permission(s), as may be required and based on the
between the Company and Automobile Corporation of
recommendation of the Audit Committee, consent
Goa Limited (‘ACGL’), an associate of the Company, on
of the Members of the Company be and is hereby
such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed
accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company
between the Company and ACGL, for an aggregate
value not exceeding ₹1,725 crore (with funding (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Board’, which term
transactions not exceeding ₹250 crore at any point of shall be deemed to include the Audit Committee or
time and operational transactions not exceeding ₹1,475 any other Committee / constituted / empowered/
crore) during FY26, provided that such transaction(s) / to be constituted by the Board from time to time to
contract(s) / arrangement(s) / agreement(s) is/are being exercise its powers conferred by this Resolution) for
carried out at an arm’s length pricing basis and in the the Material Related Party Transaction(s) / Contract(s) /
ordinary course of business. Arrangement(s) / Agreement(s) entered into / proposed
to be entered into (whether by way of an individual
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby
transaction or transactions taken together or a series
authorized to do and perform all such acts, deeds,
of transactions or otherwise), as mentioned in detail in
matters and things, as may be necessary, including
the Explanatory Statement annexed herewith, between
but not limited to, finalizing the terms and conditions,
the Company and Tata Technologies Limited (‘TTL’), a
methods and modes in respect of executing necessary
subsidiary of the Company, and accordingly a ‘Related
documents, including contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
Party’ of the Company, on such terms and conditions
agreement(s) and other ancillary documents; seeking
as may be mutually agreed between the Company
necessary approvals from the authorities; settling all
and TTL, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,353
such issues, questions, difficulties or doubts whatsoever
crore (with funding transactions not exceeding ₹600
that may arise and to take all such decisions from powers
crore at any point of time and operational transactions
herein conferred; and delegate all or any of the powers
not exceeding ₹753 crore), during FY26, provided that
herein conferred to any Director, Chief Financial Officer,
such transaction(s)/ contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
Company Secretary or any other Officer / Authorised
agreement(s) is/are carried out at an arm’s length pricing
Representative of the Company, without being required
basis and in the ordinary course of business.”
to seek further consent from the Members and that
the Members shall be deemed to have accorded RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby
their consent thereto expressly by the authority of authorized to do and perform all such acts, deeds,
this Resolution. matters and things, as may be necessary, including
but not limited to, finalizing the terms and conditions,
517

Notice
methods and modes in respect of executing necessary not exceeding ₹1,425 crore, during FY26, provided
documents, including contract(s) / arrangement(s) / that such transaction(s) / contract(s) / arrangement(s)
agreement(s) and other ancillary documents; seeking / agreement(s) is/are carried out at an arm’s length
necessary approvals from the authorities; settling all pricing basis and in the ordinary course of business.”
such issues, questions, difficulties or doubts whatsoever
15. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of the Company
that may arise and to take all such decisions from powers
and it’s identified wholly owned subsidiaries, viz., Tata
herein conferred; and delegate all or any of the powers
Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’) and Tata
herein conferred to any Director, Chief Financial Officer,
Passenger Electric Mobility Limited (‘TPEML’) with Tata
Company Secretary or any other Officer / Authorised
Capital Limited (‘TCL’), a subsidiary of Tata Sons Private
Representative of the Company, without being required
Limited, the Promoter of the Company
to seek further consent from the Members and that
the Members shall be deemed to have accorded To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
their consent thereto expressly by the authority of Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
this Resolution.
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable
Board in connection with any matter referred to or provisions under the Securities and Exchange
contemplated in this Resolution, be and are hereby Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.” Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing
Regulations’), as amended from time to time,
14. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of Jaguar Land
Section 2(76) and other applicable provisions of the
Rover Limited (‘JLRL’), a step down subsidiary of the
Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with the Rules framed
Company with Tata Technologies Europe Limited
thereunder [including any statutory modification(s) or
(‘TTEL’), a step-down subsidiary of the Company
re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force]
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following and other applicable laws / statutory provisions, if any,
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: the Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions
as well as subject to such approval(s), consent(s) and/
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
or permission(s), as may be required and based on the
Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable
recommendation of the Audit Committee, consent
provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of
of the Members of the Company be and is hereby
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as
(hereinafter referred to as the ‘Board’, which term shall
amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other
be deemed to include the Audit Committee or any other
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’)
Committee constituted / empowered / to be constituted
read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any
by the Board from time to time to exercise its powers
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof
conferred by this Resolution) for the Material Related
for the time being in force] and other applicable laws /
Party Transaction(s)/ Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) /
statutory provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on
Agreement(s) entered into / proposed to be entered
Related Party Transactions as well as subject to such
into (whether by way of an individual transaction or
approval(s), consent(s) and/ or permission(s), as may be
transactions taken together or a series of transactions
required and based on the recommendation of the Audit
or otherwise), as mentioned in detail in the Explanatory
Committee, the consent of the Members of the Company
Statement annexed herewith, between the Company
be and is hereby accorded to the Material Related
and it’s identified wholly owned subsidiaries, viz.,
Party Transaction(s) / Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) /
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’)
Agreement(s) entered into / proposed to be entered
and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited (‘TPEML’)
into (whether by way of an individual transaction or
with Tata Capital Limited (‘TCL’), a subsidiary of Tata
transactions taken together or a series of transactions
Sons Private Limited, the Promoter of the Company,
or otherwise), as mentioned in detail in the Explanatory
and accordingly ‘Related Parties’ of the Company, on
Statement annexed herewith, between Jaguar Land
such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed
Rover Limited (‘JLRL’), a step-down subsidiary of the
between the Company and/or TMPVL and/or TPEML in
Company with Tata Technologies Europe Limited
one hand and TCL on the other hand, for an aggregate
(‘TTEL’), another step-down subsidiary of the Company,
value not exceeding ₹2,744 crore, ₹1,437 crore and
and accordingly ‘Related Parties’ of the Company, on
₹1,002 crore, respectively during FY26, provided that
such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed
such transaction(s) / contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
between these related parties, for an aggregate value
80th Integrated Annual Report
518
2024-25

agreement(s) is/are carried out at an arm’s length pricing transaction or transactions taken together or a series
basis and in the ordinary course of business. of transactions or otherwise), as mentioned in detail in
the Explanatory Statement annexed herewith, between
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby
the identified subsidiaries of the Company, viz., Tata
authorized to do and perform all such acts, deeds,
Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’) and/or
matters and things, as may be necessary, including
Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited (‘TPEML’) with
but not limited to, finalizing the terms and conditions,
Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited (‘FIAPL’), a Joint
methods and modes in respect of executing necessary
Venture of the Company, and accordingly being ‘Related
documents, including contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
Parties’ of the Company, on such terms and conditions
agreement(s) and other ancillary documents; seeking
as may be mutually agreed between TMPVL and FIAPL
necessary approvals from the authorities; settling all
as well as TPEML and FIAPL for an aggregate value not
such issues, questions, difficulties or doubts whatsoever
exceeding ₹26,580 crore and ₹6,370 crore, respectively,
that may arise and to take all such decisions from powers
during FY26, provided that such transaction(s) /
herein conferred; and delegate all or any of the powers
contract(s) / arrangement(s) / agreement(s) is/are
herein conferred to any Director, Chief Financial Officer,
carried out at an arm’s length pricing basis and in the
Company Secretary or any other Officer / Authorised
ordinary course of business.
Representative of the Company, without being required
to seek further consent from the Members and that RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby
the Members shall be deemed to have accorded authorized to do and perform all such acts, deeds,
their consent thereto expressly by the authority of matters and things, as may be necessary, including
this Resolution. but not limited to, finalizing the terms and conditions,
methods and modes in respect of executing necessary
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the
documents, including contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
Board in connection with any matter referred to or
agreement(s) and other ancillary documents; seeking
contemplated in this Resolution, be and is hereby
necessary approvals from the authorities; settling all
approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.”
such issues, questions, difficulties or doubts whatsoever
16. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of identified that may arise and to take all such decisions from powers
subsidiaries of the Company, viz., Tata Motors herein conferred; and delegate all or any of the powers
Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’) and Tata herein conferred to any Director, Chief Financial Officer,
Passenger Electric Mobility Limited (‘TPEML’) with Fiat Company Secretary or any other Officer / Authorised
India Automobiles Private Limited (‘FIAPL’), a Joint Representative of the Company, without being required
Venture of the Company to seek further consent from the Members and that
the Members shall be deemed to have accorded
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
their consent thereto expressly by the authority of
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
this Resolution.
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the
Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable
Board in connection with any matter referred to or
provisions under the Securities and Exchange
contemplated in this Resolution, be and is hereby
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.”
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing
Regulations’), as amended from time to time, 17. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of Tata Motors
Section 2(76) and other applicable provisions of the Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’), a wholly owned
Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with the Rules framed subsidiary of the Company with Taco Punch Powertrain
thereunder [including any statutory modification(s) or Private Limited (‘TPPPL’), a wholly owned subsidiary
re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force], of Tata AutoComp Systems Limited, an associate of
other applicable laws/statutory provisions, if any, the the Company
Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions as
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
well as subject to such approval(s), consent(s) and/or
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
permission(s), as may be required and based on the
recommendation of the Audit Committee, consent of the “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable
the Material Related Party Transaction(s)/ Contract(s) / provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of
Arrangement(s) / Agreement(s) entered into / proposed India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
to be entered into (whether by way of an individual Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as
519

Notice
amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other accorded to the Material Related Party Transaction(s)/
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) / Agreement(s) entered
read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any into / proposed to be entered into (whether by way of an
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof individual transaction or transactions taken together or
for the time being in force], other applicable laws/ a series of transactions or otherwise), as mentioned in
statutory provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on detail in the Explanatory Statement annexed herewith,
Related Party Transactions as well as subject to such between identified wholly owned subsidiaries of the
approval(s), consent(s) and/or permission(s), as may be Company, viz., Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited
required and based on the recommendation of the Audit (‘TMPVL’) and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited
Committee, consent of the Members of the Company (‘TPEML’) with Tata AutoComp Systems Limited (‘TACO’),
be and is hereby accorded to the Material Related an associate of the Company, and accordingly being
Party Transaction(s)/ Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) / ‘Related Parties’ of the Company, on such terms and
Agreement(s) entered into / proposed to be entered conditions as may be mutually agreed between TMPVL
into (whether by way of an individual transaction or and TACO as well as between TPEML and TACO, for
transactions taken together or a series of transactions an aggregate value not exceeding ₹2,100 crore and
or otherwise), as mentioned in detail in the Explanatory ₹1,100 crore respectively, during FY26, provided that
Statement annexed herewith, between Tata Motors such transaction(s) / contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’), a wholly owned agreement(s) are carried out at an arm’s length pricing
subsidiary of the Company with Taco Punch Powertrain basis and in the ordinary course of business.”
Private Limited (‘TPPPL’), a wholly owned subsidiary
19. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of Tata Motors
of Tata AutoComp Systems Limited, an associate of
Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’), a wholly owned
the Company, and accordingly being ‘Related Parties’
subsidiary of the Company with Taco Prestolite Electric
of the Company, on such terms and conditions as may
Pvt. Limited (‘TPEPL’), a subsidiary of Tata AutoComp
be mutually agreed between TMPVL and TPPPL, for
Systems Limited, an associate of the Company
an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,100 crore during
FY26, provided that such transaction(s) / contract(s) / To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
arrangement(s) / agreement(s) are carried out at an Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
arm’s length pricing basis and in the ordinary course of
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
business.”
Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable
18. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of identified provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of
subsidiaries of the Company, viz., Tata Motors India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’) and Tata Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as
Passenger Electric Mobility Limited (‘TPEML’) with Tata amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other
AutoComp Systems Limited (‘TACO’), an associate of applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’)
the Company read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
for the time being in force], other applicable laws/
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
statutory provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Related Party Transactions as well as subject to such
Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable approval(s), consent(s) and/or permission(s), as may be
provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of required and based on the recommendation of the Audit
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Committee, consent of the Members of the Company
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as be and is hereby accorded to the Material Related
amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other Party Transaction(s)/ Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) /
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) Agreement(s) entered into / proposed to be entered
read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any into (whether by way of an individual transaction or
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for transactions taken together or a series of transactions
the time being in force], other applicable laws/ statutory or otherwise), as mentioned in detail in the Explanatory
provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on Related Party Statement annexed herewith, between Tata Motors
Transactions as well as subject to such approval(s), Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’), a wholly owned
consent(s) and/or permission(s), as may be required and subsidiary of the Company and Taco Prestolite Electric
based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, Pvt. Ltd. (‘TPEPL’), a subsidiary of Tata AutoComp
consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby Systems Limited, an associate of the Company, and
80th Integrated Annual Report
520
2024-25

accordingly being ‘Related Parties’ of the Company, on arm’s length pricing basis and in the ordinary course of
such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed business.”
between TMPVL and TPEPL, for an aggregate value
21. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of Tata Motors
not exceeding ₹1,100 crore during FY26, provided that
Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’), a wholly owned
such transaction(s) / contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
subsidiary of the Company with TM Automotive Seating
agreement(s) are carried out at an arm’s length pricing
Systems Pvt. Ltd. (‘TM Automotive’), a joint venture
basis and in the ordinary course of business.”
of Tata AutoComp Systems Limited, an associate of
20. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of identified the Company
subsidiaries of the Company, viz., Tata Motors
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’) and Tata
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
Passenger Electric Mobility Limited (‘TPEML’) with
Tata AutoComp Gotion Green Energy Solutions Pvt. “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
Ltd. (‘TACO Gotion’), a subsidiary of Tata AutoComp Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable
Systems Limited, an associate of the Company provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’)
Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any
provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) the time being in force], other applicable laws/ statutory
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on Related Party
amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other Transactions as well as subject to such approval(s),
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) consent(s) and/or permission(s), as may be required and
read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee,
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby
the time being in force], other applicable laws/ statutory
accorded to the Material Related Party Transaction(s)/
provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on Related Party
Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) / Agreement(s) entered
Transactions as well as subject to such approval(s),
into / proposed to be entered into (whether by way of
consent(s) and/or permission(s), as may be required and
an individual transaction or transactions taken together
based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee,
or a series of transactions or otherwise), as mentioned
consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby
in detail in the Explanatory Statement annexed
accorded to the Material Related Party Transaction(s)/
herewith, between Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles
Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) / Agreement(s) entered
Limited (‘TMPVL’), a wholly owned subsidiary of the
into / proposed to be entered into (whether by way of an
Company and TM Automotive Seating Systems Pvt. Ltd.
individual transaction or transactions taken together or
(‘TM Automotive’), a joint venture of Tata AutoComp
a series of transactions or otherwise), as mentioned in
Systems Limited, an associate of the Company, and
detail in the Explanatory Statement annexed herewith,
accordingly being ‘Related Parties’ of the Company, on
between wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company, viz.,
such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed
Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’) and
between TMPVL and TM Automotive, for an aggregate
Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited (‘TPEML’) with
value not exceeding ₹1,200 crore during FY26, provided
Tata AutoComp Gotion Green Energy Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
that such transaction(s) / contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
(‘TACO Gotion’), a subsidiary of Tata AutoComp Systems
agreement(s) are carried out at an arm’s length pricing
Limited, an associate of the Company, and accordingly
basis and in the ordinary course of business.”
being ‘Related Parties’ of the Company, on such terms
and conditions as may be mutually agreed between 22. Material Related Party Transaction(s) between step-
TMPVL and TACO Gotion as well as between TPEML down subsidiaries of the Company, viz., Shanghai
and TACO Gotion, for an aggregate value not exceeding Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Services Company
₹2,000 crore and ₹1,300 crore, respectively, during Limited (‘SJLR’) and Jaguar Land Rover Limited (‘JLRL’)
FY26, provided that such transaction(s) / contract(s) / with Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Company
arrangement(s) / agreement(s) are carried out at an Limited (‘CJLR’), a joint venture of the JLR Group
521

Notice
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’)
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
for the time being in force] and other applicable laws/
Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable
statutory provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on
provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of
Related Party Transactions as well as subject to such
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
approval(s), consent(s) and/ or permission(s), as may be
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as
required and based on the recommendation of the Audit
amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other
Committee, consent of the Members of the Company
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’)
be and is hereby accorded to the Material Related
read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any
Party Transaction(s) / Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) /
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof
Agreement(s) entered into / proposed to be entered
for the time being in force] and other applicable laws
into (whether by way of an individual transaction or
/ statutory provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on
transactions taken together or a series of transactions
Related Party Transactions as well as subject to such
or otherwise), as mentioned in detail in the Explanatory
approval(s), consent(s) and/ or permission(s), as may be
Statement annexed herewith, between Jaguar Land
required and based on the recommendation of the Audit
Rover Limited (‘JLRL’), a step-down subsidiary of the
Committee, consent of the Members of the Company
Company and Sertec Aluminium Structures Limited
any other applicable provisions under be and is hereby
(‘SASL’), an associate of the Jaguar Land Rover Group of
accorded to the Material Related Party Transaction(s)
Companies (‘JLR Group’), and accordingly being ‘Related
/ Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) / Agreement(s) entered
Parties’ of the Company, on such terms and conditions
into / proposed to be entered into (whether by way of an
as may be mutually agreed between JLRL and SASL, for
individual transaction or transactions taken together or
an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,400 crore, during
a series of transactions or otherwise), as mentioned in
FY26, provided that such transaction(s) / contract(s) /
detail in the Explanatory Statement annexed herewith,
arrangement(s) / agreement(s) is/are carried out at an
between the identified step-down subsidiaries of the
arm’s length pricing basis and in the ordinary course of
Company, viz., Shanghai Jaguar Land Rover Automotive
business.”
Services Company Limited (‘SJLR’) and Jaguar Land
Rover Limited (‘JLRL’) with Chery Jaguar Land Rover 24. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of Jaguar Land
Automotive Company Limited (‘CJLR’), a joint venture Rover Limited (‘JLRL’), a subsidiary of the Company
of the Jaguar Land Rover Group of Companies (‘JLR with Sertec Auto Structures (UK) Limited (‘SASUKL’), an
Group’), and accordingly being ‘Related Parties’ of associate of the JLR Group
the Company, on such terms and conditions as may
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
be mutually agreed between SJLR and CJLR as well as
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
JLRL and CJLR, for an aggregate value not exceeding
₹1,400 crore and ₹4,300 crore, respectively during “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
FY26, provided that such transaction(s) / contract(s) / Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable
arrangement(s) / agreement(s) is/are carried out at an provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of
arm’s length pricing basis and in the ordinary course of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
business.” Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as
amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other
23. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of Jaguar Land
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’)
Rover Limited (‘JLRL’), a subsidiary of the Company
read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any
with Sertec Aluminium Structures Limited (‘SASL’), an
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof
associate of the JLR Group
for the time being in force] and other applicable laws/
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following statutory provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: Related Party Transactions as well as subject to such
approval(s), consent(s) and/ or permission(s), as may be
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
required and based on the recommendation of the Audit
Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable
Committee, consent of the Members of the Company
provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of
be and is hereby accorded to the Material Related
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Party Transaction(s)/ Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) /
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as
Agreement(s) entered into / proposed to be entered
amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other
into (whether by way of an individual transaction or
80th Integrated Annual Report
522
2024-25

transactions taken together or a series of transactions arm’s length pricing basis and in the ordinary course of
or otherwise), as mentioned in detail in the Explanatory business.”
Statement annexed herewith, between Jaguar Land
26. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of the Jaguar
Rover Limited (‘JLRL’), a step-down subsidiary of the
Land Rover Limited, subsidiary of the Company
Company and Sertec Auto Structures (UK) Limited
with Tata Consultancy Services Limited (‘TCS’), a
(‘SASUKL’), an associate of the Jaguar Land Rover Group
subsidiary of Tata Sons Private Limited, the Promoter
of Companies (‘JLR Group’), and accordingly being
of the Company
‘Related Parties’ of the Company, on such terms and
conditions as may be mutually agreed between JLRL and To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
SASUKL, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,400 Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
crore, during FY26, provided that such transaction(s)
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
/ contract(s) / arrangement(s) / agreement(s) is/are
Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable
carried out at an arm’s length pricing basis and in the
provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of
ordinary course of business.”
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
25. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of Jaguar Land Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as
Rover Limited (‘JLRL’), a subsidiary of the Company with amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other
Artifex Interior Systems Limited (‘Artifex’), a subsidiary applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’)
of Tata AutoComp Systems Limited, an associate of read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any
the Company statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof
for the time being in force] and other applicable laws /
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
statutory provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
Related Party Transactions as well as subject to such
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of approval(s), consent(s) and/ or permission(s), as may be
Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and any other applicable required and based on the recommendation of the Audit
provisions under the Securities and Exchange Board of Committee, consent of the Members of the Company
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) be and is hereby accorded to the Material Related
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as Party Transaction(s) / Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) /
amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other Agreement(s) entered into / proposed to be entered
into (whether by way of an individual transaction or
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’)
transactions taken together or a series of transactions
read with the Rules framed thereunder [including any
or otherwise), as mentioned in detail in the Explanatory
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof
Statement annexed herewith, between Jaguar Land
for the time being in force] and other applicable laws/
Rover Limited (‘JLRL’), a step down subsidiary of the
statutory provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on
Company and Tata Consultancy Services Limited (‘TCS’),
Related Party Transactions as well as subject to such
a subsidiary of Tata Sons Private Limited, the Promoter
approval(s), consent(s) and/ or permission(s), as may be
of the Company, and accordingly being ‘Related Parties’
required and based on the recommendation of the Audit
of the Company, on such terms and conditions as may be
Committee, consent of the Members of the Company
mutually agreed between these Related Parties, for an
be and is hereby accorded to the Material Related
aggregate value of not exceeding ₹4,400 crore, during
Party Transaction(s) / Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) /
FY26, provided that such transaction(s) / contract(s)
Agreement(s) entered into / proposed to be entered
/ arrangement(s) / agreement(s) is/are being carried
into (whether by way of an individual transaction or
out at an arm’s length pricing basis and in the ordinary
transactions taken together or a series of transactions
course of business.”
or otherwise), as mentioned in detail in the Explanatory
Statement annexed herewith, between Jaguar Land 27. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of the Company
Rover Limited (‘JLRL’), a step-down subsidiary of the along with its ancillary entities who are third parties
Company and Artifex Interior Systems Limited (‘Artifex’), with Tata Steel Limited (‘TSL’) and Poshs Metals
a subsidiary of Tata AutoComp Systems Limited, an Industries Private Limited (a third party vendor of TSL)
associate of the Company, and accordingly being ‘Related
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
Parties’ of the Company, on such terms and conditions
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
as may be mutually agreed between JLRL and Artifex, for
an aggregate value not exceeding ₹4,500 crore, during “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
FY26, provided that such transaction(s) / contract(s) / Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and other applicable
arrangement(s)/ agreement(s) is/are carried out at an Regulations, if any, of the Securities and Exchange Board
523

Notice
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) their consent thereto expressly by the authority of
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as this Resolution.
amended from time to time, Section 2(76) and other
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the
Board in connection with any matter referred to or
Act’) read with the Rules framed thereunder [including
contemplated in this Resolution, be and is hereby
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof
approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.”
for the time being in force], other applicable laws /
statutory provisions, if any, the Company’s Policy on 28. Material Related Party Transaction(s) of the Company
Related Party Transactions as well as subject to such including ancillary third parties entities of the
approval(s), consent(s) and/ or permission(s), as may be Company with Tata Steel Downstream Products
required and based on the recommendation of the Audit Limited, one of the identified subsidiaries / affiliates of
Committee, consent of the Members of the Company be Tata Steel Limited
and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following
Company (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Board’, which
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
term shall be deemed to include the Audit Committee
or any other Committee constituted / empowered / “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of
to be constituted by the Board from time to time to Regulations 2(1)(zc), 23(4) and other applicable
exercise its powers conferred by this Resolution) for Regulations, if any, of the Securities and Exchange
the Material Related Party Transaction(s)/ Contract(s) / Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Arrangement(s) / Agreement(s) entered into / proposed Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing
to be entered into (whether by way of an individual Regulations’), as amended from time to time, Section
transaction or transactions taken together or a series 2(76) and other applicable provisions of the Companies
of transactions or otherwise), as mentioned in detail in Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with the Rules framed
the Explanatory Statement annexed herewith, of the thereunder [including any statutory modification(s) or
Company along with its ancillary entities who are third re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force],
parties with Tata Steel Limited (‘TSL’), an Associate of other applicable laws / statutory provisions, if any,
Tata Sons Private Limited, the Promoter of the Company the Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions
and accordingly a ‘Related Party’ of the Company and as well as subject to such approval(s), consent(s) and/
Poshs Metals Industries Private Limited (a third party or permission(s), as may be required and based on the
vendor of TSL), on such terms and conditions as may recommendation of the Audit Committee, consent
be mutually agreed between the Company and TSL, for of the Members of the Company be and is hereby
an aggregate value not exceeding ₹4,572 crore during accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company
FY26, provided that such transaction(s) / contract(s) / (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Board’, which term shall
arrangement(s) / agreement(s) is/are carried out at an be deemed to include the Audit Committee or any other
arm’s length pricing basis and in the ordinary course Committee constituted / empowered / to be constituted
of business. by the Board from time to time to exercise its powers
conferred by this Resolution) for the Material Related
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby
Party Transaction(s)/ Contract(s) / Arrangement(s) /
authorized to do and perform all such acts, deeds,
Agreement(s) entered into / proposed to be entered
matters and things, as may be necessary, including
into (whether by way of an individual transaction or
but not limited to, finalizing the terms and conditions,
transactions taken together or a series of transactions
methods and modes in respect of executing necessary
or otherwise), as mentioned in detail in the Explanatory
documents, including contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
Statement annexed herewith, of the Company including
agreement(s) and other ancillary documents; seeking
third parties ancillary entities of the Company with
necessary approvals from the authorities; settling all
Tata Steel Downstream Products Limited, one of the
such issues, questions, difficulties or doubts whatsoever
identified subsidiaries / affiliates of Tata Steel Limited,
that may arise and to take all such decisions from powers
on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed
herein conferred; and delegate all or any of the powers
between the Company and TSL, for an aggregate value
herein conferred to any Director, Chief Financial Officer,
of not exceeding ₹3,555 crore during FY26, provided
Company Secretary or any other Officer / Authorised
that such transaction(s) / contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
Representative of the Company, without being required
agreement(s) is/are carried out at an arm’s length pricing
to seek further consent from the Members and that
basis and in the ordinary course of business.
the Members shall be deemed to have accorded
80th Integrated Annual Report
524
2024-25

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the
authorized to do and perform all such acts, deeds, Board in connection with any matter referred to or
matters and things, as may be necessary, including contemplated in this Resolution, be and is hereby
but not limited to, finalizing the terms and conditions, approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.”
methods and modes in respect of executing necessary
By Order of the Board of Directors
documents, including contract(s) / arrangement(s) /
agreement(s) and other ancillary documents; seeking
necessary approvals from the authorities; settling all Maloy Kumar Gupta
such issues, questions, difficulties or doubts whatsoever Mumbai, Company Secretary
May 13, 2025 ACS No: 24123
that may arise and to take all such decisions from powers
herein conferred; and delegate all or any of the powers
Registered Office:
herein conferred to any Director, Chief Financial Officer,
Bombay House, 24, Homi Mody Street, Mumbai 400 001
Company Secretary or any other Officer / Authorised
Tel: +91 22 6665 8282
Representative of the Company, without being required
Email: inv_rel@tatamotors.com
to seek further consent from the Members and that
Website: www.tatamotors.com
the Members shall be deemed to have accorded
CIN: L28920MH1945PLC004520
their consent thereto expressly by the authority of
this Resolution.
525

Notice
Notes: 4. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of
1. Pursuant to the General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated the Act in respect of the business under Item Nos. 5 to
April 8, 2020 and 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, in 28 set out above and the relevant details in respect of
relation to “Clarification on passing of ordinary and the Directors seeking appointment/ re-appointment
special resolutions by companies under the Companies at this AGM as required under Regulation 36(3) of the
Act, 2013 ”, General Circular Nos. 20/2020 dated May 5, Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General
2020, 10/2022 dated December 28, 2022, 09/2023 dated Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries
September 25, 2023 and subsequent circulars issued in of India (‘Secretarial Standard’) are annexed hereto.
this regard, the latest being 09/2024 dated September Requisite declarations have been received from the
19, 2024 in relation to “Clarification on holding of Annual Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment.
General Meeting (‘AGM’) through Video Conferencing
5. Institutional Members/Corporate Members (i.e. other
(VC) or Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM)”, (collectively
than individuals, HUFs, NRIs, etc.) are required to send
referred to as “MCA Circulars”) the Company is convening
a scanned copy (PDF/JPG format) of their respective
the 80th AGM through Video Conferencing (‘VC’)/Other
Board or governing body Resolution, Authorization,
Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’), without the physical
etc., authorizing their representative to attend the
presence of the Members at a common venue. Further,
AGM through VC/OAVM on their behalf and to vote
Securities and Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’), vide its
through remote e-Voting. The said Resolution/
circulars dated May 12, 2020, January 15, 2021, May
Authorization shall be sent to the Scrutinizer by e-mail
13, 2022, January 5, 2023, October 7, 2023 and October
to tml.scrutinizer@gmail.com with a copy marked to
3, 2024 (‘SEBI Circulars’) and other applicable circulars
evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional Members/Corporate
issued in this regard, has provided relaxations from
Members can also upload their Board Resolution/Power
compliance with certain provisions of the SEBI (Listing
of Attorney/Authority Letter, by clicking on “Upload
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
Board Resolution/Authority letter”, etc. displayed under
2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’). In compliance with the
‘e-Voting’ tab in their Login.
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), the
Listing Regulations and MCA Circulars, the 80th AGM of 6. Only registered Members of the Company may attend
the Company is being held through VC/OAVM on Friday, and vote at the AGM through VC/OAVM facility.
June 20, 2025 at 3:00 p.m. IST. The deemed venue for
7. In case of joint holders, the Member whose name
the AGM will be the Registered Office of the Company
appears as the first holder in the order of names as per
i.e. Bombay House, 24 Homi Mody Street, Mumbai
the Register of Members of the Company as on the cut-
400 001
off date will be entitled to vote at the AGM.
2. PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE ACT, A MEMBER
8. Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM shall be
ENTITLED TO ATTEND AND VOTE AT THE AGM IS
counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under
ENTITLED TO APPOINT A PROXY TO ATTEND AND VOTE
Section 103 of the Act.
ON HIS/HER BEHALF AND THE PROXY NEED NOT BE A
MEMBER OF THE COMPANY. SINCE THIS AGM IS BEING 9. The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM
HELD PURSUANT TO THE MCA CIRCULARS THROUGH
mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time
VC OR OAVM, THE REQUIREMENT OF PHYSICAL
of the commencement of the Meeting by following
ATTENDANCE OF MEMBERS HAS BEEN DISPENSED
the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility
WITH. ACCORDINGLY, IN TERMS OF THE MCA
of participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM will
CIRCULARS AND THE SEBI CIRCULARS, THE FACILITY
be made available to at least 1,000 Members on a
FOR APPOINTMENT OF PROXIES BY THE MEMBERS
first come first served basis as per the MCA Circulars.
WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR THIS AGM AND HENCE
This will not include large shareholders (shareholders
THE PROXY FORM, ATTENDANCE SLIP AND ROUTE MAP
holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoter/ Promoter
OF AGM ARE NOT ANNEXED TO THIS NOTICE.
Group, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial
3. As per the provisions of clause 3.A.II. of the General Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee,
Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020, issued by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and
MCA, the matters of Special Business as appearing Stakeholders Relationship Committee. The Members will
at Item Nos. 5 to 28 of the accompanying Notice, are be able to view the proceedings on National Securities
considered to be unavoidable by the Board and hence, Depository Limited’s (‘NSDL’) e-Voting website at www.
form part of this Notice evoting.nsdl.com.
80th Integrated Annual Report
526
2024-25

10. In line with the MCA Circulars and the SEBI Circulars, June 4, 2025.
the Notice of the AGM along with the Integrated Annual
SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_
Report 2024-25 is being sent only through electronic
RTAMB/P/ CIR/2021/655 dated November 3, 2021
mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses
(subsequently amended by Circular Nos. SEBI/HO/
are registered with the Company/ National Securities
MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/687 dated
Depository Limited (‘NSDL’) and Central Depositories
December 14, 2021, SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/
Services (India) Limited (‘CDSL’), (collectively
CIR/2023/37 March 16, 2023 and SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-
‘Depositories’)/Registrar & Transfer Agent (‘RTA’),
1/P/CIR/2023/181 November 17, 2023) has mandated
unless any Member has requested for a physical copy
that with effect from April 1, 2024, dividend to security
of the same. The Notice of AGM and Integrated Annual
holders (holding securities in physical form), shall be
Report 2024-25 are available on the Company’s website
paid only through electronic mode. Such payment
at https://www.tatamotors.com/annual-reports/ and
shall be made only after furnishing the PAN, choice of
may also be accessed from the relevant section of
nomination, contact details including mobile number,
the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited
bank account details and specimen signature.
and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.
bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively. The
Further, relevant FAQs published by SEBI on its website
AGM Notice is also available on the website of NSDL at
can be viewed at the following link: https://www.sebi.
www.evoting.nsdl.com.
gov.in/sebi_data/faqfiles/sep-2024/1727418250017.pdf
11. Electronic copies of all the documents referred to in the
accompanying Notice of the AGM and the Explanatory According to the Finance Act, 2020, dividend income
Statement shall be made available for inspection. During will be taxable in the hands of the Members w.e.f. April
the 80th AGM, Members may access the scanned copy of 1, 2020, and the Company is required to deduct tax at
the Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel source (TDS) from the dividend paid to the Members at
and their shareholding maintained under Section 170 prescribed rates in the Income Tax Act, 1961 (‘the IT Act’).
of the Act; the Register of Contracts and Arrangements In general, to enable compliance with TDS requirements,
in which Directors are interested maintained under Members are requested to complete and/or update
Section 189 of the Act. Members desiring inspection of their Residential Status, PAN and Category as per the IT
statutory registers and other relevant documents may Act with their Depository Participants (‘DPs’) or in case
send their request in writing to the Company at inv_rel@ shares are held in physical form, with the Company by
tatamotors.com. sending documents by Thursday, June 5, 2025 (upto
7:00 pm) to enable the Company to determine the
12. Pursuant to the acquisition of Link Group by Mitsubishi
appropriate TDS/withholding tax rate applicable, verify
UFJ Trust & Banking Corporation, accordingly the name
the documents and provide exemption. For the detailed
of RTA of the Company is changed from Link Intime India
process, please visit the website of the Company at
Private Limited to MUFG Intime India Private Limited
https://www.tatamotors.com/annual-reports/ and also
with effect from December 31, 2024.
refer to the email sent to members in this regard.
13. The Company has fixed Wednesday, June 4, 2025 as the
“Record Date” for determining entitlement of Members 15. To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised
to final dividend for the financial year ended March 31, to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any
2025, if approved at the AGM. change in address or demise of any Member as soon as
possible. Members are also advised to not leave their
14. The dividend of ₹6.00 per fully paid-up Ordinary share
demat account(s) dormant for long. Periodic statement
of the face value ₹ 2.00 each (i.e., 300%) for financial
of holdings should be obtained from the concerned DP
year ended March 31, 2025, if declared at the AGM, will
and holding should be verified from time to time.
be paid subject to Tax Deduction at Source (TDS) on or
before Tuesday, June 24, 2025, as under: 16. Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to inform
the Company’s RTA immediately of:
a. To all the Beneficial Owners as the end of the day on
Wednesday, June 4, 2025, as per the list of beneficial
(a) Change in their residential status on return to India
owners to be furnished by the Depositories in respect of
for permanent settlement.
the shares held in electronic form; and
b. To all Members in respect of shares held in physical (b) Particulars of their bank account maintained in
form after giving effect to valid transmission or India with complete name, branch, account type,
transposition request lodged with the Company account number and address of the bank with pin
as of the close of business hours on Wednesday, code number, if not furnished earlier.
527

Notice
17. Members are requested to intimate changes, if form are requested to ensure that their Electronic
any, pertaining to their name, postal address, email Bank Mandate is updated with their respective DPs
address, telephone/mobile numbers, PAN, mandates, by Tuesday, June 3, 2025.
nomination, power of attorney, bank details, bank
18. Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No.
account number, MICR code, IFSC, etc.:
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated
(a) For shares held in electronic form: to their DPs. January 25, 2022 has mandated the listed companies
to issue securities in dematerialized form only while
(b) Shares held in physical form: The following details/
processing service requests viz. Issue of duplicate
documents should be sent to the Company’s RTA
securities certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense
latest by Tuesday, June 3, 2025.
account; renewal/ exchange of securities certificate;
(i) Form ISR-1 along with supporting documents. endorsement; sub-division/splitting of securities
The said form is available on the website of the certificate; consolidation of securities certificates/folios;
Company at https://www.tatamotors.com/ transmission and transposition. Accordingly, Members
newsroom/investor-contacts/ and on the are requested to make service requests by submitting a
website of the RTA at https://web.in.mpms. duly filled and signed Form ISR-4, the format of which is
mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html available on the Company’s website at www.tatamotors.
com and on the website of the Company’s RTA’s at
(ii) Cancelled cheque in original, bearing the
https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html. It
name of the Member or first holder, in case
may be noted that any service request can be processed
shares are held jointly.
only after the folio is KYC Compliant.
(iii) Bank attested legible copy of the first page of
19. SEBI vide its notification dated January 24, 2022 has
the Bank Passbook/Bank Statement bearing
amended Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations
the names of the account holders, address,
and has mandated that all requests for transfer of
same bank account number and type as
securities including transmission and transposition
on the cheque leaf and full address of the
requests shall be processed only in dematerialised
bank branch.
form. In view of the same and to eliminate all risks
(iv) Self-attested copy of the PAN Card of all the associated with physical shares and avail various
holders; and benefits of dematerialization, Members are advised to
dematerialize the shares held by them in physical form.
(v) Self-attested copy of any document (such
Members can contact the Company or the Company’s
as Aadhaar Card, Driving License, Election
RTA, for assistance in this regard.
Identity Card, Passport) in support of the
address of the first holder as registered with 20. SEBI HAS MANDATED SUBMISSION OF PAN BY
the Company. EVERY PARTICIPANT IN THE SECURITIES MARKET.
MEMBERS HOLDING SHARES IN ELECTRONIC FORM
To mitigate unintended challenges on account of
ARE, THEREFORE, REQUESTED TO SUBMIT THEIR
freezing of folios, SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/
PAN DETAILS TO THEIR DEPOSITORY PARTICIPANTS.
MIRSD/POD-1/P/ CIR/2023/181 dated November
MEMBERS HOLDING SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM ARE
17, 2023, has done away with the provision
REQUESTED TO SUBMIT THEIR PAN DETAILS TO THE
regarding freezing of folios not having PAN, KYC,
COMPANY’S RTA.
and Nomination details.
21. Members holding shares in physical form, in identical
Further, Members are requested to refer to process
order of names, in more than one folio are requested
detailed on https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-
to send to the Company’s RTA, the details of such
downloads.html and proceed accordingly.
folios together with the share certificates along with
Shares held in electronic form: Members holding the requisite KYC documents for consolidating their
shares in electronic form may please note that their holdings in one folio. Requests for consolidation of share
bank details as furnished by the respective DPs to certificates shall be processed in dematerialized form.
the Company will be considered for remittance of
22. As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act and SEBI
dividend as per the applicable regulations of the
Circular, the facility for making nomination is available
DPs and the Company will not be able to accede
for the Members in respect of the shares held by them.
to any direct request from such Members for
Members who have not yet registered their nomination
change/addition/ deletion in such bank details.
are requested to register the same by submitting Form
Accordingly, Members holding shares in electronic
80th Integrated Annual Report
528
2024-25

No. SH-13. If a Member desires to opt out or cancel the Members whose email addresses are not registered
earlier nomination and record a fresh nomination, he/ with the Company/DPs are to register the same with
she may submit the same in ISR-3 or SH-14 as the case the RTA on or before 5:00 p.m. IST on Tuesday, June 3,
may be. The said forms can be downloaded from our 2025 pursuant to which, any Member may receive on
website at https://www.tatamotors.com/newsroom/ the email address provided by the Member the Notice
investor-contacts/ and website of the Registrar and of this AGM along with the Annual Report 2024-25 and
Transfer Agent (‘RTA’) at https://web.in.mpms.mufg. the procedure for remote e-voting along with the login
com/KYC-downloads.html. Members are requested to ID and password for remote e-voting.
submit the said details to their Depository Participants in
(i) Process for registration of email addresses with
case the shares are held by them in dematerialized form
RTA is as under:
and to the Company’s RTA in case the shares are held by
them in physical form, quoting their folio number. (a) Visit the link https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/
EmailReg/Email_Register.html
23. SEBI vide Circular Nos. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/
CIR/2023/131 dated July 31, 2023, and SEBI/HO/OIAE/ (b) Select the name of the Company
OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/135 dated August 4, 2023, read from dropdown.
with Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/ OIAE/OIAE_IAD-
(c) Enter details in respective fields such as DP
1/P/ CIR/2023/145 dated July 31, 2023 (updated as on
ID and Client ID (if you hold the shares in
August 11, 2023), has established a common Online
demat form) / Folio no. and Certificate no. (if
Dispute Resolution Portal (“ODR Portal”) for resolution
shares are held in physical form), Name of the
of disputes arising in the Indian Securities Market.
Shareholder, PAN details, mobile number and
Pursuant to above-mentioned circulars, post exhausting e-mail ID)
the option to resolve their grievances with the RTA/
(d) System will send OTP on mobile number and
Company directly and through existing SCORES platform,
e-mail ID.
the investors can initiate dispute resolution through the
ODR Portal at https://smartodr.in/login. (e) Enter OTP received on mobile number and
e-mail ID and submit.
24. Members are requested to note that, dividends if not
encashed for a consecutive period of 7 years of the After successful submission of the e-mail
Company, are liable to be transferred to the Investor address, NSDL will email a copy of the Notice
Education and Protection Fund (‘IEPF’). The shares in of this AGM along with the Integrated Annual
respect of such unclaimed dividends are also liable Report of 2024-25 as also the remote e-Voting
to be transferred to the demat account of the IEPF user ID and password on the e-mail address
Authority. In view of this, Members are requested to registered by the Member. In case of any
claim their dividends from the Company, within the queries, Members may write to csg-unit@
stipulated timeline. in.mpms.mufg.com or evoting@nsdl.com
25. The Members whose unclaimed dividends and/or (ii) Registration of email address permanently with
shares have been transferred to IEPF, may contact the RTA/DP: Members are requested to register the
Company or RTA and submit the required documents for email address with their concerned DPs, in respect
issue of Entitlement Letter. The Members can attach the of shares held in demat mode and with RTA, in
Entitlement Letter and other required documents and respect of shares held in physical mode, by writing
file the Form IEPF-5 form for claiming the dividend and/ to them csg-unit@in.mpms.mufg.com
or shares via www.iepf.gov.in
(iii) Alternatively, those Members who have not
26. To support the ‘Green Initiative’, Members who have registered their email addresses are required to
not yet registered their email addresses are requested send an email request to evoting@nsdl.co.in along
to register the same with their DPs in case the shares are with the following documents for procuring user id
held by them in electronic form and with the Company’s and password for e-voting for the resolutions set
RTA in case the shares are held by them in physical form. out in this Notice:
27. The Company has made special arrangement with the (a) In case shares are held in physical mode,
RTA and NSDL for registration of email addresses in please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder,
terms of the MCA Circulars for Members who wish to scanned copy of the share certificate (front
receive the Annual Report along with the AGM Notice and back), self-attested scanned copy of
electronically and to cast the vote electronically. Eligible PAN card, self-attested scanned copy of
Aadhar Card.
529

Notice
(b) In case shares are held in demat mode, the AGM. The Members present at the Meeting
please provide DPID-Client ID (8 digit DPID through VC/OAVM who have not already cast their
+ 8 digit Client ID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), vote by remote e-voting prior to the Meeting shall
Name, client master or copy of Consolidated be able to exercise their right to cast their vote by
Account statement, self-attested scanned remote e-voting during the Meeting. The Members
copy of PAN card, self-attested scanned copy who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior
of Aadhar Card. to the AGM are eligible to attend the Meeting but
shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.
28. Those Members who have already registered their email
IDs are requested to keep the same validated with their (e) The Board of Directors has appointed Mr P N
DP/RTA to enable serving of notices/ documents/Annual Parikh (Membership No. FCS 327) and failing him;
Reports and other communications electronically to Ms Jigyasa Ved (Membership No. FCS 6488) and
their email ID in future. failing her; Mr Mitesh Dhabliwala (Membership No.
FCS 8331) of M/s Parikh & Associates, Practicing
29. VOTING BY MEMBERS:
Company Secretaries, as the Scrutinizer to
(a) In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 scrutinize the remote e-voting process, in a fair and
of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies transparent manner.
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014
(f) THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE
(as amended), Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing
E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE
Regulations (as amended), MCA Circulars and
AS UNDER:
the SEBI Circulars, the Company is providing its
Members the facility to exercise their right to vote The remote e-voting period begins on Monday,
on resolutions proposed to be considered at the June 16, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. and ends on Thursday,
AGM by electronic means (by using the electronic June 19, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. The remote e-voting
voting system provided by NSDL) either by (i) module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting
remote e-voting prior to the AGM (as explained thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in
at ‘point no. (f)’ herein below or (ii) remote the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on
e-voting Notice during the AGM (as explained at the record date (cut-off date) i.e. Friday, June 13,
‘point no. (g)’ herein below below). Instructions 2025 may cast their vote electronically. The voting
for Members for attending the AGM through VC/ right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their
OAVM are explained in ‘point no. (h)’ herein below. share in the paid-up equity share capital of the
Company as on the cut-off date, being Friday, June
(b) A person, whose name is recorded in the Register
13, 2025.
of Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners
maintained by the depositories as on Friday, June How do I vote electronically using NSDL
13, 2025 (‘cut-off date’) shall be entitled to vote in e-Voting system?
respect of the shares held, by availing the facility
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting
of remote e-voting prior to the AGM or remote e-
system consists of “Two Steps” which are
voting during the AGM.
mentioned below:
(c) Members of the Company holding shares either
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
in physical form or electronic form, as on the cut-
off date of Friday, June 13, 2025, may cast their A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual
vote by remote e-Voting. The remote e-Voting meeting for Individual shareholders holding
period commences on Monday, June 16, 2025 at securities in demat mode
9:00 a.m. (IST) and ends on Thursday, June 19,
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9,
2025 at 5:00) p.m (IST). The remote e-Voting
2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed
module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting
Companies, Individual shareholders holding
thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by
securities in demat mode are allowed to vote
the Member, the Member shall not be allowed to
through their demat account maintained
change it subsequently.
with Depositories and DPs. Shareholders are
(d) The Members can opt for only one mode of remote advised to update their mobile number and
e-voting i.e. either prior to the AGM or during email Id in their demat accounts in order to
access e-Voting facility.
80th Integrated Annual Report
530
2024-25

Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders 1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
holding securities in demat evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit
mode with NSDL. Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP
received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://
eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the
e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login”
which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your
existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be
able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access
to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and
you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting
during the meeting.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available
at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or
click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following
URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on
a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the
icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new
screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit
demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification
Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page.
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during
the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during
the meeting.
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless
voting experience.
531

Notice
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders 1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through
holding securities in demat their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to reach
mode with CDSL e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to login Easi /
Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on
login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi
username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting
option for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the
information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user
will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting
& voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit
the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at
CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi
Tab and then click on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat
Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.
cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user by sending
OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After
successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option
where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system
of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through
(holding securities in your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility.
demat mode) login through upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting
their DPs option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or
e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual
meeting & voting during the meeting.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to
login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat Members facing any technical issue in login can
mode with NSDL contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat Members facing any technical issue in login can
mode with CDSL contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll
free no. 1800-21-09911
80th Integrated Annual Report
532
2024-25

B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders
holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.
nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under
‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as
shown on the screen.
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.
com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials,
click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL Your User ID is:
or CDSL) or Physical
a) For Members who hold shares in 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
demat account with NSDL.
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is
12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares in 16 Digit Beneficiary ID
demat account with CDSL.
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12**************
then your user ID is 12**************
c) For Members holding shares in EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with
Physical Form. the company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 133755
then user ID is 133755001***
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast
your vote.
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the
‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password.
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox.
Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open
the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or
folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial
password’.
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those
shareholders whose email ids are not registered.
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?” (If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL
or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
533

Notice
b) P hysical User Reset Password? 7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution,
(If you are holding shares in
you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
physical mode) option available on
www.evoting.nsdl.com. General Guidelines for shareholders
c) If you are still unable to get 1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than
the password by aforesaid two individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send
options, you can send a request at scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant
evoting@nsdl.com mentioning Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with
your demat account number/folio attested specimen signature of the duly
number, your PAN, your name and authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized
your registered address etc. to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to
tml.scrutinizer@gmail.com with a copy
d) Members can also use the OTP (One
marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional
Time Password) based login for
shareholders (i.e. other than individuals,
casting the votes on the e-Voting
HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board
system of NSDL.
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority
7. After entering your password, tick on Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board
Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed
selecting on the check box. under “e-Voting” tab in their login.
8. Now, you will have to click on 2. It is strongly recommended not to share
“Login” button. your password with any other person and
take utmost care to keep your password
9. After you click on the “Login” button,
confidential. Login to the e-voting website will
Home page of e-Voting will open.
be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join to key in the correct password. In such an
General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system. event, you will need to go through the “Forgot
User Details/Password?” or “Physical User
How to cast your vote electronically and join
Reset Password?” option available on www.
General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the
able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for
you are holding shares and whose voting cycle
Shareholders and e-voting user manual for
and General Meeting is in active status.
Shareholders available at the download
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call
to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting
on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to
period and casting your vote during the
(Ms Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager, NSDL) at
General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting,
evoting@nsdl.com
you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed
under “Join Meeting”. The EVEN for Ordinary Process for those shareholders whose email
Shares is 133755. ids are not registered with the depositories for
procuring user id and password and registration
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting
of email ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out
page opens.
in this notice:
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please
options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify
provide Folio No., Name of shareholder,
the number of shares for which you wish to
scanned copy of the share certificate (front
cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also
and back), PAN (self attested scanned
“Confirm” when prompted.
copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to
successfully” will be displayed. inv_rel@tatamotors.com.
6. You can also take the printout of the votes 2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please
cast by you by clicking on the print option on provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or
the confirmation page. 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master
80th Integrated Annual Report
534
2024-25

or copy of Consolidated Account statement, access by following the steps mentioned
PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system.
AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar After successful login, you can see link of “VC/
Card) to inv_rel@tatamotors.com. If you are OAVM” placed under “Join meeting” menu
an Individual shareholders holding securities against company name. You are requested
in demat mode, you are requested to refer to to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join
the login method explained at Step 1 (A) i.e. Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be
Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual available in Shareholder/Member login where
meeting for Individual shareholders holding the EVEN of the Company, i.e., 133755 will
securities in demat mode. be displayed. Please note that the members
who do not have the User ID and Password
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send
for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and
a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring
Password may retrieve the same by following
user id and password for e-voting by providing
above mentioned documents. the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned
in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9,
2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting
Companies, Individual shareholders holding through Laptops for better experience.
securities in demat mode are allowed to vote
3. Further Members will be required to allow
through their demat account maintained
Camera and use Internet with a good speed to
with Depositories and DPs. Shareholders are
avoid any disturbance during the meeting.
required to update their mobile number and
email ID correctly in their demat account in 4. Please note that Participants Connecting
order to access e-Voting facility. from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through
Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot
(g) THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING
may experience Audio/Video loss due to
ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:-
Fluctuation in their respective network. It is
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-
AGM is same as the instructions mentioned Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of
above for remote e-voting. aforesaid glitches.
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will 5. Shareholders who would like to express
be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM their views/have questions may send their
facility and have not casted their vote on the questions in advance mentioning their name
Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are demat account number/folio number, email
otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be id, mobile number at inv_rel@tatamotors.
eligible to vote through e-Voting system in com before 5:00 p.m. (IST) Monday, June
the AGM. 16, 2025. The same will be replied by the
company suitably.
3. Members who have voted through Remote
e-Voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. 6. Members who would like to express their
However, they will not be eligible to vote at views/ ask questions as a Speaker at the
the AGM. AGM may preregister themselves by sending
4. The details of the person who may be a request from their registered email ID
contacted for any grievances connected with mentioning their names, DP ID and Client ID/
the facility for e-Voting on the day of the folio number, PAN and mobile number to inv_
AGM shall be the same person mentioned for rel@tatamotors.com between Monday, June
Remote e-voting. 9, 2025 (9:00 a.m. IST) and Friday, June 13,
2025 (5:00 p.m. IST). Only those Members who
(h) INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING
have pre-registered themselves as Speakers
THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
will be allowed to express their views/ask
1. Member will be provided with a facility to questions during the AGM. The Company
attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through reserves the right to restrict the number of
the NSDL e-Voting system. Members may speakers depending on the availability of time
for the AGM.
535

Notice
30. Any person holding shares in physical form and non- and against the Resolution(s), invalid votes, if any,
individual Members, who acquire shares of the Company and whether the Resolution(s) has/have carried or
and becomes a Member of the Company after dispatch not, to the Chairman or a person authorized by him
and holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e. Friday, June in writing.
13, 2025 may obtain the login ID and password by sending
- The result declared along with the Scrutinizer’s
a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or the Company/RTA.
Report shall be placed on the Company’s website
However, if the person is already registered with NSDL www.tatamotors.com and on the website of NSDL
for remote e-Voting, then the existing user ID and www.evoting.nsdl.com immediately after the result
password of the said person can be used for casting is declared. The Company shall simultaneously
vote. If the person forgot his/her password, the same forward the results to BSE Limited and National
can be reset by using ‘Forgot user Details/Password’ Stock Exchange of India Ltd., where the securities
or ‘Physical user Reset Password’ option available at of the Company are listed.
www.evoting.nsdl.com or by calling on 022 4886 7000. In
- Subject to the receipt of requisite number of votes,
case of Individual Members holding securities in Demat
the Resolutions shall be deemed to be passed on
mode who acquire shares of the Company and becomes
the date of the Meeting i.e. June 20, 2025.
a Member of the Company after sending the Notice and
holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e. Friday, June 13, By Order of the Board of Directors
2025, may follow steps mentioned in the notes to Notice
under ‘Access to NSDL e-Voting system’.
Maloy Kumar Gupta
Mumbai, Company Secretary
31. DECLARATION OF RESULTS ON THE RESOLUTIONS:
May 13, 2025 ACS No: 24123
- The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the
completion of the scrutiny of the e-voting (votes Registered Office:
Bombay House, 24, Homi Mody Street, Mumbai 400 001
cast during the AGM and votes cast through
Tel: +91 22 6665 8282
remote e-voting), within 2 working days from the
Email: inv_rel@tatamotors.com
conclusion of the AGM, submit a consolidated
Website: www.tatamotors.com
Scrutinizer’s report of the total votes cast in favour
CIN: L28920MH1945PLC004520
80th Integrated Annual Report
536
2024-25

EXPLANATORY STATEMENT Electronic copy of the terms and conditions of appointment
of the Independent Directors is available for and is also
The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the
available on the website of the Company at https://www.
Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), given hereunder sets out all
tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/Terms-of-
material facts relating to the special business mentioned
Appointment-ID.pdf. Please refer to Note 11 given in the
at Item Nos. 5 to 28 of the accompanying Notice dated
Notice on inspection of documents.
May 13, 2025.
Except for Mr Butschek and/or his relatives, no other Director,
Item No. 5 Key Managerial Personnel or their respective relatives are, in
Based on recommendation of the Nomination and any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in
Remuneration Committee (‘NRC’), the Board appointed the said Resolution.
Mr Guenter Karl Butschek (DIN: 07427375) as an Additional
Item No. 6
Director of the Company and also an Independent Director
not liable to retire by rotation, for a term of five years, i.e., Mr Kosaraju Veerayya Chowdary (DIN: 08485334) was
from May 1, 2025 upto April 30, 2030 (both days inclusive), appointed as an Independent Director of the Company
subject to approval by the Members. pursuant to Section 149 of the Act, read with the Companies
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (“the
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Companies
Appointment Rules”) at the 76th Annual General Meeting of
Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and Article 132 of the Articles of
the Company for a period of five years, i.e., from October 27,
Association of the Company, Mr Butschek shall hold office up
2020 up to October 26, 2025.
to the date of this AGM and is eligible to be appointed as a
Director. The Company has, in terms of Section 160(1) of the Pursuant to the performance evaluation of Mr Chowdary
Act, received in writing a notice from a Member, proposing and considering that his continued association as a Member
of the Board would be beneficial to the Company, based
his candidature for the office of Director. The profile and
on recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration
specific areas of expertise of Mr Butschek are provided as
Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company, subject
Annexure to this Notice.
to approval of the Members, had re-appointed Mr Kosaraju
Mr Butschek has given his declaration to the Board, inter alia, Veerayya Chowdary (DIN: 08485334) as an Independent
that (i) he meets the criteria of independence as provided Director, not liable to retire by rotation, for the second
under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the consecutive term, for a pried from October 27, 2025 upto
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations October 10, 2029 (both days inclusive) when he attains the
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing retirement age of 75 years, as per the terms of the Governance
Regulations’) (ii) is not restrained from acting as a Director by Guidelines on Board Effectiveness for Tata Companies. Mr
virtue of any Order passed by SEBI or any such authority (iii) is Chowdary will cease to be a Director of the Company with
eligible to be appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 effect from October 11, 2029.
of the Act and (iv) he is not aware of any circumstance which
The Company has in terms of Section 160(1) of the Act,
exists or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or
received in writing notice from a Member, proposing his
impact his ability to discharge his duties, with an objective
candidature for the office of Director. The profile and specific
independent judgement and without any external influence.
areas of expertise of Mr Chowdary are provided as Annexure
He has also give his consent to act as a Director.
to this Notice.
In the opinion of the Board, Mr Butschek is a person of
Mr Chowdary has given his declaration to the Board, inter
integrity, possesses relevant expertise / experience and
alia, confirming that (i) he meets the criteria of independence
fulfills the conditions specified in the Act and the SEBI Listing
as provided under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation
Regulations for appointment as an Independent Director and
16(1)(b) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
he is independent of the Management. Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
(‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), (ii) is not restrained from acting
Mr Butschek was the Managing Director of the Company from
as a Director by virtue of any Order passed by SEBI or any
February 15, 2016 to June 30, 2021 (both days inclusive) as
such authority (iii) is eligible to be appointed as a Director in
well as served as consultant there after upto March 31, 2022
terms of Section 164 of the Act and (iv) he is not aware of any
Given his experience, the Board considers it desirable and in circumstance or situation which exists or may be reasonably
the interest of the Company to have Mr Butschek on the Board anticipated, that could impair or impact his ability to discharge
of the Company and accordingly the Board recommends the his duties, with an objective independent judgment and
appointment of Mr Butschek as an Independent Director as without any external influence. He has also given his consent
proposed in the Special Resolution set out at Item No. 5 of the in writing to act as a Director in Form DIR-2 pursuant to Rule
accompanying Notice for approval by the Members. 8 of the Appointment Rules.
537

Notice
In the opinion of the Board, Mr Chowdary is a person of Furthermore, in terms of the amended regulations,
M/s Parikh & Associates has provided a confirmation that
integrity, possesses relevant expertise / experience and
they have subjected themselves to the peer review process
fulfills the conditions specified in the Act and the SEBI Listing
of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and hold a
Regulations for appointment as an Independent Director and
valid peer review certificate. M/s Parikh & Associates has
he is independent of the management. The Board considers
confirmed that they are not disqualified from being appointed
that the continued association of Mr Chowdary would be of
as Secretarial Auditors and that they have no conflict of
immense benefits to the Company and is desirable to continue
interest. M/s Parikh & Associates has further furnished a
to availing of services as an Independent Director. Accordingly
declaration that they have not taken up any prohibited non-
the Board recommends the re-appointment of Mr Chowdary secretarial audit assignments for the Company, its holding
as an Independent Director as set out at Item No. 6 of the and subsidiary companies.
accompanying Notice for approval by the Members.
While recommending M/s Parikh & Associates for
Electronic copy of the terms and conditions of appointment appointment, the Board and the Audit Committee evaluated
of the Independent Directors is available for and is also various factors, including the firm’s capability to handle
available on the website of the Company at https://www. a diverse and complex business environment, its existing
tatamotors.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/Terms-of- experience in the Company’s business segments, its industry
Appointment-ID.pdf. Please refer to Note 11 given in the standing, the clientele it serves, and its technical expertise.
M/s Parikh & Associates was found to be well-equipped to
Notice on inspection of documents.
manage the scale, diversity, and complexity associated with
Except for Mr Chowdary and/or his relatives, no other Director, the Secretarial Audit of the Company.
Key Managerial Personnel or their respective relatives are, in
M/s Parikh & Associates is a peer reviewed and a well-
any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in
established firm of Practicing Company Secretaries,
the said Resolution.
registered with the Institute of Company Secretaries of India,
New Delhi. The firm is led by experienced partners, all of
Item No. 7
whom are distinguished professionals in the field of corporate
In accordance with the provisions of Section 204 and other governance and compliance. Their collective expertise
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with spans corporate advisory, transactional services, litigation,
Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment & Remuneration of advocacy, and legal due diligence. The firm also has associate
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory partners with strong professional credentials who align with
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being its core values of character, competence, and commitment.
M/s Parikh & Associates specializes in compliance audit and
in force) (‘the Act’), every listed company and certain other
assurance services, advisory and representation services, and
prescribed categories of companies are required to annex
transactional services.
a Secretarial Audit Report, issued by a Practicing Company
Secretary, to their Board’s report, prepared under Section The Firm is presently the Secretarial Auditor of the Company
134(3) of the Act. as well as several large listed Tata Companies.
Furthermore, pursuant to recent amendments to Regulation The terms and conditions of the appointment of M/s Parikh
24A of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing & Associates include a tenure of five (5) consecutive years,
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 commencing from April 1, 2025 upto March 31, 2030 at a
remuneration of `3,00,000/- (Rupee Three Lakhs only) for
(‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), every listed entity and its material
FY26 and as may be mutually agreed between the Board and
Subsidiaries in India are required to conduct Secretarial Audit
the Secretarial Auditors for subsequent years.
and annex the Secretarial Audit Report to its annual report.
Additionally, a listed entity must appoint a Secretarial Audit Additional fees for statutory certifications and other
firm for a maximum of two terms of five consecutive years, professional services will be determined separately by the
with shareholders approval to be obtained at the Annual management, in consultation with M/s Parikh & Associates,
General Meeting. and will be subject to approval by the Board of Directors and/
or the Audit Committee.
Accordingly, based on the recommendation of the Audit
Committee, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on M/s Parikh & Associates has provided its consent to act as the
May 13, 2025, has approved the appointment of M/s Parikh Secretarial Auditors of the Company and has confirmed that
& Associates, Company Secretaries, (Firm Registration No. the proposed appointment, if made, will be in compliance
P1988MH009800) as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company with the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations.
for a period of five (5) consecutive years, commencing from Accordingly, approval of the shareholders is sought for
April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2030 subject to approval of the appointment of M/s Parikh & Associates as the Secretarial
Members at the Annual General Meeting. Auditors of the Company.
80th Integrated Annual Report
538
2024-25

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out the said branch offices in accordance with the laws of that
at Item No. 7 of the accompanying Notice for approval by country. To enable the Directors to appoint Branch Auditors
the Members. for the purpose of auditing the accounts of the Company’s
Branch Offices outside India (whether now existing or as may
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their
be established), necessary authorisation of the Members is
relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially
being obtained in accordance with the provisions of Section
or otherwise, in the said Resolution.
143 of the Act, in terms of the Resolution at Item No. 9 of the
accompanying Notice.
Item No. 8
Pursuant to Section 148 of the Act read with the Companies The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended from time Item No. 9 of the accompanying Notice for approval by the
to time, the Company is required to audit its cost accounts Members. None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel
relating to such products manufactured by the Company or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested,
covered under the Central Excise Tariff Act, 1985, as prescribed financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution.
under Section 148 of the Act and the Companies (Cost Records
and Audit) Rules, 2014, conducted by a Cost Accountant. Item Nos. 10 to 28
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the
Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of
Board had, at its meeting held on May 13, 2025, approved
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
the re-appointment of M/s Mani & Co., Cost Accountants
Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), inter alia,
(Firm Registration No. 000004) as the Cost Auditors of the
states that all Material Related Party Transactions (‘RPTs’)
Company to conduct audit of cost records maintained by the
shall require prior approval of the Members by means of an
Company, pertaining to the relevant products, for FY26 at
Ordinary Resolution, even if such transaction(s) are in the
a remuneration of ₹6,00,000/- (Rupees Six Lakhs Only) plus
ordinary course of business and at an arm’s length pricing
applicable taxes, out-of-pocket and other expenses.
basis. A transaction with a Related Party shall be considered
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of material, if the transaction(s) to be entered into individually or
the Act read with Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and taken together with previous transactions during a financial
Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, year, exceeds ₹1,000 crore or 10% of the annual consolidated
ratification for the remuneration payable to the Cost turnover of a listed entity as per the last audited financial
Auditors to audit the cost records of the Company for the statements of the listed entity, whichever is lower.
said financial year by way of an Ordinary Resolution is
Further, Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI Listing Regulations has
being sought from the Members as set out at Item No. 9 of
provided the definition of related party and Regulation 2(1)
the accompanying Notice.
(zc) of the SEBI Listing Regulations has defined related party
M/s Mani & Co. have furnished a certificate dated transaction to include a transaction involving a transfer of
April 25, 2025 regarding their eligibility for appointment as resources, services or obligations between (i) a listed entity
Cost Auditors of the Company. They have vast experience in or any of its subsidiaries on one hand and a related party of
the field of cost audit and have conducted the audit of the the listed entity or any of its subsidiaries on the other hand;
cost records of the Company for previous years under the or (ii) a listed entity or any of its subsidiaries on one hand and
provisions of the Act. any other person or entity on the other hand, the purpose
and effect of which is to benefit any related party of the listed
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at
entity or any of its subsidiaries, regardless of whether a price
Item No. 8 of the accompanying Notice for approval by the
is charged or not.
Members. None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel
of the Company or their relatives are, in any way, concerned In view of the above, Resolution Nos. 10 to 28 are placed for
or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution. approval by the Members of the Company. As mentioned in
the Board’s Report, the list of the subsidiaries, associate and
Item No. 9 joint arrangements of the Company is available of the website
on the Company.
In line with its global aspirations, the Company has
undertaken / would undertake projects/establishments in The Management has provided the Audit Committee with
and outside India for setting up manufacturing facilities, relevant details of the proposed RPTs, including material
showrooms, service centers and offices as branch offices of terms and basis of pricing. The Audit Committee, after
the Company. Whilst generally and to the extent possible, reviewing all necessary information, has granted its approval
the Company would appoint its auditors for the said branch for entering into the below mentioned RPTs, subject to
offices, in some cases/jurisdictions it may not be possible/ approval by the Members at the ensuing Annual General
practical to appoint them and the Company would be Meeting. The Audit Committee has noted that the said
required to appoint an accountant or any other person transaction(s) will be at an arm’s length pricing basis and will
duly qualified to act as an auditor to audit the accounts of be in the ordinary course of business of the Company.
539

Notice
Item No. 10
Details of the proposed RPTs of the Company with Tata Cummins Private Limited (‘TCPL’), including the information required to
be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated
July 11, 2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TCPL
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the TCPL is a 50:50 joint venture between the Company and Cummins Inc,
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern or USA.
interest (financial or otherwise)
TCPL is engaged in the manufacture and sale of engine and its
components, including trading of bought out finished components and
after-market services. TCPL manufactures high performance, reliable and
durable mid-range (B&L) engines in the range of 75 to 400 HP.
TCPL is a Related Party of the Company, as on the date of this Notice.
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and particulars The Company and TCPL have entered into / propose to enter into the
of the proposed RPTs following RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹7,550
crore (with funding transactions not exceeding ₹50 crore outstanding
at any point of time and operational transactions not exceeding ₹7,500
crore):
• P urchase of goods / services (including material procurement)
• Sale of goods / services
• Inter-corporate deposits given
• Rent received
• Interest received/paid
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated turnover, 1.72%
for the immediately preceding financial year, that is
represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs One of the important objectives of the Joint Venture is to meet the
business requirements of both JV partners and achieve overall efficiencies
with respect to manufacture of engines.
In light of above and various commercial factors, aforementioned
transactions are undertaken, that will not only help both the companies
to smoothen business operations but will also ensure a consistent flow
of desired quality and quantity of various facilities for uninterrupted
operations and an increase in productivity.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or its
subsidiary:
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Own share capital / Internal accruals and liquidity of the Company
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make or give Not applicable
loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Inter-corporate deposits given aggregating to, not exceeding ₹50 crore
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if outstanding at any point of time.
secured, the nature of security
• Lock in Period of 2 days and thereafter on ‘demand to pay basis’.
• Tenure: up to 12 months.
• I nterest rate: upto 9%; linked to Company’s Short term Borrowing
Rate.
• Repayment Schedule: Not Applicable.
• The above inter-corporate deposits are under unsecured category.
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the To meet the working capital requirements of TCPL
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
80th Integrated Annual Report
540
2024-25

Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TCPL
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation or The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on
other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed entity the past practices adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with
in relation to the proposed transaction will be made available report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the
through registered email address of the shareholder. electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to
Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria
based on the market price or alternative pricing method of relevant
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as
may be applicable, shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the
case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be basis actual cost
incurred.
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Mr Girish Wagh, Executive Director and KMP of the Company is also a
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship Director on the Board of TCPL.
His interest or concern or that of his relatives, is limited only to the extent
of his holding directorship / KMP position in the Company and TCPL.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 10 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 10 of the
Notice convening this AGM, for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No. 10 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction(s) or not.
Item No. 11
Details of the proposed RPTs of the Company with Tata Advanced Systems Limited (‘TASL’), including the information required
to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated
July 11, 2023, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TASL
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the TASL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tata Sons Private Limited, the
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern or Promoter of the Company. The Company sells the basic chassis to TASL
interest (financial or otherwise) for further application building on the chassis. TASL is into Land Mobility
Business to serve the Defence Sector of India and any other Country.
TASL is headquartered in Hyderabad, India. TASL has manufacturing
unit and offices located at Hyderabad, Mumbai, Pune, Jamshedpur,
Bangalore, Nagpur and Delhi.
TASL is a Related Party of the Company, as on the date of this Notice.
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and particulars The Company and TASL have entered into / propose to enter into the
of the proposed RPTs following RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,300
crore:
• Sale of goods (Chassis & spares)
• Rendering of engineering and non-engineering services
• Sale of services
• Purchase of goods / services
• Rent Received
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated turnover, 0.30%
for the immediately preceding financial year, that is
represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
541

Notice
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TASL
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs TASL provides spectrum of Military Vehicles and spares in the Defence
Spaces in India as well as supplies vehicles to various Armed Forces
including Paramilitary and State Police. TASL also exports its range of
specialised Defence Vehicles to SAARC, ASEAN, and African Nations and
for UN Peacekeeping Forces.
For sourcing of vehicles and spares referred above, the Company and
TASL basis detailed negotiations have entered into the proposed RPT
resulting in overall Tata Group synergy and sustainability in the long run.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or its
subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Not applicable
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make or give Not applicable
loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Not applicable
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if
secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the Not applicable
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation or The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on
other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed entity the past practices adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with
in relation to the proposed transaction will be made available report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the
through registered email address of the shareholder. electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to
Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria
based on the market price or alternative pricing method of relevant
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as
may be applicable, shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the
case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be basis actual cost
incurred.
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) None of the Directors or KMPs of the Company are Directors or KMPs
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship of TASL.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No.11 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No.11 of the
Notice convening this AGM, for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No.11 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction(s) or not.
80th Integrated Annual Report
542
2024-25

Item No. 12
Details of the proposed RPTs of the Company with Automobile Corporation of Goa Limited (‘ACGL’), including the information
required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/
CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with ACGL
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the ACGL is an associate of the Company. The Company holds 49.77% in the
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern equity share capital of ACGL.
or interest (financial or otherwise)
ACGL was jointly promoted in 1980 by Tata Motors Ltd. and EDC Ltd.
(formerly known as Economic Development Corporation of Goa, Daman
& Diu Ltd.)
ACGL is engaged in manufacturing and sale of sheet metal components
and Bus Bodies.
ACGL is a Related Party of the Company, as on the date of this Notice.
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and The Company and ACGL have entered into / propose to enter into the
particulars of the proposed RPTs following RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,725
crore (with funding transactions not exceeding ₹250 crore outstanding
at any point of time and operational transactions not exceeding ₹1,475
crore):
• Purchase of goods / services (Including material procurement)
• Sale of goods
• Rendering of services
• Asset Purchase / Sales
• Inter-corporate deposits taken
• Interest paid
• Interest received
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated 0.39%
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs ACGL is one of the premier Bus Body Manufacturer in India who is working
with the company to provide good quality Bus Bodies for Domestic and
International Business (‘IB’) markets.
ACGL is also a supplier for Quality sheet metal components for the
company.
In light of above and various commercial factors, aforementioned
transactions are undertaken, that will not only help both the companies
to smoothen business operations but will also ensure a consistent flow
of desired quality and quantity of various facilities for uninterrupted
operations and an increase in productivity.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or its
subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Own share capital / Internal accruals and liquidity of the Company
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make Not applicable
or give loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
543

Notice
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with ACGL
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Inter-corporate deposits taken aggregating to, not exceeding ₹250 crore
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if outstanding at any point of time.
secured, the nature of security • Lock in Period of 2 days and thereafter on ‘demand to pay basis’
• Tenure: up to 12 months.
• Interest rate: upto 8%; linked to Company’s Short term Borrowing
Rate.
• Repayment Schedule: Not Applicable.
• The above inter-corporate deposits are under unsecured category.
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the To meet the working capital requirements of ACGL and the Company.
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on the
or other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed past practices adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with report
entity in relation to the proposed transaction will be of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the electronic
made available through registered email address of the copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to Note 11 given
shareholder. in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of other RPTs, the
pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria based on the
market price or alternative pricing method of relevant materials and/or
services. Valuation report or other external report, as may be applicable,
shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the case of reimbursements
/ recoveries, same would be basis actual cost incurred.
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Mr Girish Wagh, Executive Director and KMP of the Company is also a
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship Non-Executive Director on the Board of ACGL.
His interest, concern, or that of his relatives, is limited only to the extent
of his holding directorship / KMP position in the Company and ACGL.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 12 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 12 of the
Notice convening this AGM, for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No. 12 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction(s) or not.
Item No. 13
Details of the proposed RPTs of the Company with Tata Technologies Limited (‘TTL’) including the information required to be
disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated
July 11, 2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TTL
1 Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the TTL is a subsidiary of the Company. The Company holds 55.22% shares of
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern TTL. The Company is a Promoter of TTL.. TTL is in the business of providing
or interest (financial or otherwise) product engineering services which caters to the global manufacturing
industry; enabling ambitious manufacturing companies (including the
Company) to design and build better products.
TTL is a Related Party of the Company, as on the date of
this Notice.
80th Integrated Annual Report
544
2024-25

Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TTL
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and The Company and TTL have entered into / propose to enter into the
particulars of the proposed RPTs following RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,353
crore (with funding transactions not exceeding ₹600 crore outstanding at
any point of time and operational transactions not exceeding ₹753 crore)
• Purchase / sale of goods
• Availing / rendering of engineering and non-engineering services
• Inter-corporate deposits / taken
• Interest received / paid
• Asset purchase/Sale
• Rent received
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated turnover 0.31%
for the immediately preceding financial year, which is
represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2 Justification for the proposed RPTs TTL provides product engineering services which caters to the global
manufacturing industry; enabling ambitious manufacturing companies
(including the Company) to design and build better products. Engineering
and Design services provide outsourced engineering services for TTL
manufacturing customers globally to help them conceive, design,
develop and realize better products and Digital Enterprise Solutions help
manufacturing customers identify and deploy emerging technologies,
tools and solutions to manufacture, service and realize better products.
The Company has existing equity investment in TTL. In addition to this,
TTL may also place ICDs with the Company to earn interest income on
surplus funds and support working capital requirements of the Company.
The aforementioned transactions will not only help both the companies
to smoothen business operations but will also ensure a consistent flow
of desired quality and quantity of various facilities for uninterrupted
operations and an increase in productivity. This in turn will contribute
towards Tata Motors Group synergy and sustainability.
3 Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or its
subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Own share capital / Internal accruals and liquidity of the Company and TTL
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make Not Applicable
or give loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Inter-corporate deposits taken aggregating to, not exceeding, ₹ 600 crore
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if outstanding at any point of time.
secured, the nature of security
• Lock in Period of 2 days and thereafter on ‘demand to pay basis’
• Tenure: up to 12 months.
• Interest rate: upto 8%; linked to the Company’s short-term
borrowing rate
• Repayment Schedule: Not Applicable
• The above inter-corporate deposits are under unsecured category
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the To meet working capital requirements of the Company/TTL
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
4 Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on the
or other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed past practices adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with report
entity in relation to the proposed transaction will be of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the electronic
made available through registered email address of the copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to Note 11 given
shareholder. in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of other RPTs, the
pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria based on the
market price or alternative pricing method of relevant materials and/or
services. Valuation report or other external report, as may be applicable,
shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the case of reimbursements
/ recoveries, same would be basis actual cost incurred.
545

Notice
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of the Company with TTL
5 Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Mrs Usha Sangwan, Independent Director of the Company is also an
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship Independent Director on the Board of TTL. Her interest or concern or that
of her relatives is limited only to the extent of her holding directorship /
KMP position in the Company and TTL.
6 Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 13 of the Notice.
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 13
of the Notice for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No. 13 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
Item No. 14
Details of the proposed RPTs of Jaguar Land Rover Limited (‘JLRL’) with Tata Technologies Europe Limited (‘TTEL’), including the
information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/
CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021,
are as follows:
Sr. No Description Details of proposed RPTs JLRL with TTEL
1 Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc (‘JLRA’) is a step down wholly owned
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern or subsidiary of the Company. JLRA is into the design, development,
interest (financial or otherwise) manufacture and marketing of high-performance luxury saloons,
specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive off-road vehicles and related
components. JLRA is hold by the Company thru its wholly owned
subsidiary in Singapore namely TML Holding Pte Limited.
Jaguar Land Rover Limited (JLRL) is a step down subsidiary of JLRA.
JLRL is into the design, development, manufacture and marketing of
high-performance luxury saloons, specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive
off-road vehicles and related components.
Tata Technologies Limited (‘TTL’) is subsidiary of the Company, which is
in the business of providing product engineering services which caters
to the global manufacturing industry; enabling ambitious manufacturing
companies (including the Company) to design and build better products.
TTEL is a wholly owned subsidiary of TTL.
JLRL and TTEL, both being step down subsidiaries of the Company are
Related Parties of the Company, as on the date of this notice.
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and particulars JLRL and TTEL have entered into / propose to enter into the following
of the proposed RPTs RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,425 crore
• Purchase of goods
• Sale of goods
• Availment of services.
• Rendering of services
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated turnover 0.32%
for the immediately preceding financial year, that is
represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
80th Integrated Annual Report
546
2024-25

Sr. No Description Details of proposed RPTs JLRL with TTEL
2 Justification for the proposed RPTs TTEL provides product engineering and design solutions providing
engineering and design solutions to manufacturers in the automotive,
aerospace, and general manufacturing industries. Engineering and
Design services provide outsourced engineering services for TTEL
manufacturing customers to help them conceive, design, develop
and realize better products and Digital Enterprise Solutions help
manufacturing customers identify and deploy emerging technologies,
tools and solutions to manufacture, service and realize better products.
The aforementioned transactions will not only help both the companies
to smoothen business operations but will also ensure a consistent flow
of desired quality and quantity of various facilities for uninterrupted
operations and an increase in productivity. This in turn will contribute
towards Tata Motors Group synergy and sustainability.
3 Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or its
subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Not Applicable
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make or give Not Applicable
loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments:
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Not Applicable
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if
secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the Not Applicable
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
4 Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on
or other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed the past practices adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with
entity in relation to the proposed transaction will be report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the
made available through registered email address of the electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to
shareholder. Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria
based on the market price or alternative pricing method of relevant
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as
may be applicable, shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the
case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be basis actual cost
incurred.
5 Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Mr N Chandrasekaran, Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship Company is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of JLRA.
Ms Hanne Sorensen, Independent Director of the Company is also
a Director on the Board of JLRL, JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover Holdings
Limited.
Mr Al-Noor Ramji, Independent Director of the Company is also a
Director on the Board of JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover (China) Investment
Co. Limited. Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the
Company is also a Director on the Board of JLRA.
None of the Directors or KMPs of the Company is Director/KMP of TTEL.
6 Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 14 of the Notice.
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 14
of the Notice for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No. 14 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
547

Notice
Item No. 15
Details of the proposed RPTs of the Company (‘TML’) and its identified subsidiaries, viz., Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles
Limited (‘TMPVL’) and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited (‘TPEML’) with Tata Capital Limited (‘TCL’), including the
information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/
CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021,
are as follows:
Details of proposed RPTs of the Company and its subsidiary viz., TMPVL, TPEML with TCL
Sr. No. Description
TML TMPVL TPEML
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party TCL is a subsidiary of Tata Sons Private Limited (‘TSPL’), the Promoter of the Company. TMPVL and
and its relationship with the TPEML are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company.
Company or its subsidiary,
TCL is registered with the Reserve Bank of India as a Systemically Important Non-Deposit Accepting
including nature of its concern
Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC) and offers fund and fee-based financial services to its
or interest (financial or
customers, under the Tata Capital brand. TCL is a trusted and customer-centric, one-stop financial
otherwise)
services provider. TCL caters to the diverse needs of retail, corporate and institutional customers,
across various areas of business namely the Commercial Finance, Infrastructure Finance, Wealth
Management, Consumer Loans and distribution and marketing of Tata Cards. TCL has over 100
branches spanning all critical markets in India. The Board of Directors of the Company, TCL and TMFL
have approved a merger of TMFL with TCL through an NCLT scheme of arrangement.The scheme is
effective with the appointed date of April 1, 2024.
TCL is a Related Party of the TMPVL is a wholly owned TPEML is a wholly owned
Company, as on the date of this subsidiary of the Company and subsidiary of the Company and
Notice. undertakes passenger vehicles undertakes passenger electric
business as a separate entity business. TPEML and TCL are
w.e.f. January 1, 2022. Related Parties of the Company,
as on the date of this Notice.
TMPVL and TCL are Related
Parties of the Company, as on
the date of this Notice.
b. Type, material terms, tenure, The Company and TCL have TMPVL and TCL have entered TPEML and TCL have entered
monetary value and particulars entered into / propose to enter into / propose to enter into into / propose to enter into
of the proposed RPTs into the following RPTs during the following RPTs during the following RPTs during FY26,
FY26, for an aggregate value FY26, for an aggregate value for an aggregate value not
not exceeding ₹2,744 crore, not exceeding ₹1,437 crore, exceeding ₹1,002, including,
including, outstanding at any including, outstanding at any crore outstanding at any point
point of time: point of time: of time:
• Rendering of services • Rendering of services • Rendering of services
• Payments for Purchase of • Payments for Purchase of • Payments for Purchase of
goods / services goods / services goods / services
• Asset purchase/sale • Asset purchase/sale • Asset purchase/sal
• Rent received • Rent received • Rent received
• Leasing Transactions • Leasing Transactions • Leasing Transactions
including residual value including residual value including residual value
risks borne by the risks borne by the risks borne by the
Company Assignment of Company Assignment of Company Assignment of
Receivables (Factoring) Receivables (Factoring) Receivables (Factoring)
Transaction and Interest Transaction and Interest Transaction and Interest
thereon thereon thereon
• Processing fees for • Processing fees for • Processing fees for
Assignment of Receivables Assignment of Receivables Assignment of Receivables
(Factoring) (Factoring) (Factoring)
• P ayments for BMS Facility • Payments for BMS Facility • P ayments for BMS Facility
and Interest thereon and Interest thereon and Interest thereon
80th Integrated Annual Report
548
2024-25

Details of proposed RPTs of the Company and its subsidiary viz., TMPVL, TPEML with TCL
Sr. No. Description
TML TMPVL TPEML
c. Percentage of the Company’s 0.62% 0.33% 0.23%
annual consolidated turnover,
for the immediately preceding
financial year, that is
represented by the value of the
proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed TCL brings comprehensive and TCL brings comprehensive and TCL brings comprehensive and
RPTs innovative, solution-oriented innovative, solution-oriented innovative, solution-oriented
asset financing solutions like asset financing solutions like asset financing solutions like
channel financing, invoice channel financing, invoice channel financing, invoice
discounting and leasing. TCL’s discounting and leasing. TCL’s discounting and leasing. TCL’s
Channel Financing program Channel Financing program Channel Financing program
ensures timely availability of ensures timely availability of ensures timely availability of
finance for channel partners finance for channel partners finance for channel partners
with extended and convenient with extended and convenient with extended and convenient
re-payment terms, thereby re-payment terms, thereby re-payment terms, thereby
freeing up cash flow for business freeing up cash flow for business freeing up cash flow for business
growth while strengthening growth while strengthening growth while strengthening
the Company’s distribution TMPVL’s distribution network. TPEML’s distribution network.
network.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or its
subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
connection with the proposed
transaction
b. Where any financial Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
indebtedness is incurred to
make or give loans, inter-
corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
covenants, tenure, interest
rate and repayment schedule,
whether secured or unsecured;
if secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
funds will be utilized by the
ultimate beneficiary of such
funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on the past practices adopting
statement that the valuation Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with report of reputed external agencies obtained by the
or other external report, Company and the electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to Note 11 given
if any, relied upon by the in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would
listed entity in relation to the be as per Arm’s Length criteria based on the market price or alternative pricing method of relevant
proposed transaction will materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as may be applicable, shall be
be made available through obtained by the parties concerned. In the case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be basis
registered email address of the actual cost incurred.
shareholder.
549

Notice
Details of proposed RPTs of the Company and its subsidiary viz., TMPVL, TPEML with TCL
Sr. No. Description
TML TMPVL TPEML
5. Name of the Director or Key None of the Directors or KMPs Mrs Usha Sangwan, Ms Vedika Bhandarkar,
Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) of the Company are Directors or Independent Director of the Independent Director of the
who is related, if any and the KMPs of TCL Company is also an Independent Company is also an Independent
nature of their relationship Director on the Board of TMPVL. Director on the Board of TPEML.
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Mrs Usha Sangwan,
Financial Officer and KMP of the Independent Director of the
Company is the Chairman and a Company is also an Independent
Non-Executive Director on the Director on the Board of TPEML.
Board of TMPVL.
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief
Their interest or concern or that Financial Officer and KMP of the
of their respective relatives, Company is the Chairman and a
is limited only to the extent of Non-Executive Director on the
their holding directorship in Board of TPEML.
TMPVL.
Their interest or concern or that
None of the Directors or KMPs of their respective relatives,
of the Company are Directors or is limited only to the extent of
KMPs of TCL. their holding directorship in
TPEML.
None of the Directors or KMPs
of the Company are Directors or
KMPs of TCL.
6. Any other information that may All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement setting out material facts,
be relevant pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 15 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 15 of the
Notice convening this AGM, for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No. 15 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction(s) or not.
Item No. 16
Details of the proposed RPTs of identified subsidiaries of the Company viz., Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’)
and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited (‘TPEML’) with Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited (‘FIAPL’) including the
information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/ CFD/
PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22,
2021, are as follows:
Details of proposed RPTs of identified subsidiaries of the Company viz., TMPVL and TPEML with FIAPL
Sr. No. Description
TMPVL TPEML
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party FIAPL is a joint operations company, established between Stellantis Europe S.p.A [formerly known
and its relationship with the as FCA Italy S.p.A (“FIAT Group”)] and the Company for the purpose of manufacturing motor
Company or its subsidiary, vehicles, parts, and components thereof, in India. The JV plant operates under the name FIAPL,
including nature of its concern as an independent entity and produces both, the JEEP and the Tata brand of cars for the FCA India
or interest (financial or Automobiles Pvt. Ltd. (‘FCAIPL’) and the Company, respectively.
otherwise)
TMPVL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company TPEML is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
and undertakes its passenger vehicles business as a Company and undertakes its passenger
separate entity w.e.f. January 1, 2022 electric mobility business.
TMPVL and FIAPL are Related Parties of the TPEML and FIAPL are Related Parties of the
Company, as on the date of this Notice. Company, as on the date of this Notice.
80th Integrated Annual Report
550
2024-25

Details of proposed RPTs of identified subsidiaries of the Company viz., TMPVL and TPEML with FIAPL
Sr. No. Description
TMPVL TPEML
b. Type, material terms, tenure, TMPVL and FIAPL have entered into / propose to TPEML and FIAPL have entered into / propose
monetary value and particulars enter into the following RPTs during FY26, for an to enter into the following RPTs during FY26,
of the proposed RPTs aggregate value not exceeding ₹26,580 crore: for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹6,370
crore:
• P urchase / Sale of vehicles parts / components
/ services, etc. and • P urchase / Sale of vehicles parts /
• I nterest received and paid on outstanding components / services, etc. and
balances. • I nterest received and paid on
• Asset purchase/sale outstanding balances
• Asset purchase / sales
c. Percentage of the Company’s 6.05% 1.45%
annual consolidated turnover,
for the immediately preceding
financial year, that is
represented by the value of the
proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed TML has a contract manufacturing arrangement TML has a contract manufacturing
RPTs (CMA) with FIAPL for manufacture of engines and arrangement (CMA) with FIAPL for
vehicles. The manufacturing capacity available will manufacture of engines and vehicles. The
be shared between TML and FCA based on volume manufacturing capacity available will be
commitment given by each party. Going forward, the shared between TML and FCA based on
Company’s capacity entitlement for manufacturing volume commitment given by each party.
Tata vehicles shall be apportioned between TMPVL Going forward, the Company’s capacity
and TPEML on mutually agreed basis. entitlement for manufacturing Tata vehicles
shall be apportioned between
TMPVL sells castings and aggregates of engines,
metal bodies, etc to the Company. The Company TMPVL and TPEML on mutually agreed basis.
then assembles engines, transaxles and fitment
The existing principles of cost allocation, take
of other peripheral parts to build the powertrain
or pay arrangement and true up mechanism
which is sold to FIAPL. FIAPL uses the powertrain
(including for expenses and mechanism for
to manufacture vehicles which is eventually sold to
adjustments) as defined in CMA will apply
TMPVL.
between TMPVL and TPEML on mutually
The aforementioned transactions would not only agreed basis. Considering there would be
help both the Companies to manage its business flexibility to use each other’s capacities even
operations smoothly but would also ensure a as the year progresses, this would bring in
consistent flow of desired quality and quantity of better operational efficiency for TPEML as
various facilities for uninterrupted operations and an well as TMPVL.
increase in productivity. This in turn will contribute
towards Tata Motors’ group synergy.
TMPVL also purchases vehicle spare parts and The aforementioned transactions would not
components from FIAPL. FIAPL has undertaken to only help both the Companies to manage
reserve certain production capacity of its Ranjangaon its business operations smoothly but would
Manufacturing Facility for manufacturing and also ensure a consistent flow of desired
supplying of motor vehicles and related spare parts. quality and quantity of various facilities for
uninterrupted operations and an increase
in productivity. This in turn will contribute
towards Tata Motors’ group synergy.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or
its subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in Not Applicable Not Applicable
connection with the proposed
transaction
b. Where any financial Not Applicable Not Applicable
indebtedness is incurred to
make or give loans, inter-
corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
551

Notice
Details of proposed RPTs of identified subsidiaries of the Company viz., TMPVL and TPEML with FIAPL
Sr. No. Description
TMPVL TPEML
c. Applicable terms, including Not Applicable Not Applicable
covenants, tenure, interest
rate and repayment schedule,
whether secured or unsecured;
if secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the Not Applicable Not Applicable
funds will be utilized by the
ultimate beneficiary of such
funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on the past practices adopting
statement that the valuation Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with report of reputed external agencies obtained by the
or other external report, Company and the electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to Note 11
if any, relied upon by the given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of other RPTs, the pricing mechanism
listed entity in relation to the would be as per Arm’s Length criteria based on the market price or alternative pricing method of
proposed transaction will relevant materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as may be applicable,
be made available through shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would
registered email address of the be basis actual cost incurred.
shareholder.
5. Name of the Director or Key Mrs Usha Sangwan, Independent Director of the Ms Vedika Bhandarkar, Independent Director
Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Company is also an Independent Director on the of the Company is also an Independent
who is related, if any and the Board of TMPVL. Director on the Board of TPEML.
nature of their relationship Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer and Mrs Usha Sangwan, Independent Director of
KMP of the Company is the Chairman and a Non- the Company is also an Independent Director
Executive Director on the Board of TMPVL. on the Board of TPEML.
Mr Shailesh Chandra, Managing Director, TMPVL & Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer
TPEML is a Non-Executive Director on the Board of and KMP of the Company is the Chairman
FIAPL. and a Non-Executive Director on the Board
Mr Dhiman Gupta, Non-Executive Director of TMPVL of TPEML.
is also a Non Executive Director of FIAPL. Mr Shailesh Chandra, Managing Director,
Their interest or concern or that of their respective TMPVL & TPEML is a Non-Executive Director
relatives, is limited only to the extent of their holding on the Board of FIAPL.
directorship / KMP position in TMPVL and FIAPL Mr Dhiman Gupta, Chief Financial Officer and
KMP of TPEML is a Non-Executive Director of
FIAPL.
Their interest or concern or that of their
respective relatives, is limited only to the
extent of their holding directorship / KMP
position in TPEML and FIAPL
6. Any other information that may All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement setting out material facts,
be relevant pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 16 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 16 of the
Notice convening this AGM, for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No. 16 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction(s) or not.
80th Integrated Annual Report
552
2024-25

Item No. 17
Details of the proposed RPTs of Tata Motors Passenger Vechicles Limted (‘TMPVL’), with Taco Punch Powertrain Private Limited
(‘TPPPL’) including the information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662
dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL with TPPPL
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs:
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the TPPL is a subsidiary of Tata Autocomp Systems Limited, an associate
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern of the Company. TPPPL is responsible for designing, manufacturing,
or interest (financial or otherwise) marketing and sale of the revolutionary compact Dual Clutch
Transmission design (DT1) in India and to global markets. The company
will also realize a wide range of activities to supply Punch Powertrain’s
DCT range (DT2), Continuously Variable Transmissions (CVTs) and EV
Reducers to customers in India and will house the corporate supporting
services of Punch Powertrain
TMPVL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and undertakes its
passenger vehicles business as a separate entity w.e.f. January 1, 2022
TMPVL and TPPPL are Related Parties of the Company, as on the date of
this Notice.
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and TMPVL and TPPPL have entered into / propose to enter into the following
particulars of the proposed RPTs RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,100 crore:
• Purchase of goods
• Sale of goods
• Availment of services
• Rendering of services
• Asset purchase/sale
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated 0.25%
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs This is a strategic alliance for sourcing part and components for its
vehicles basis detailed negotiations resulting in overall Tata Motors
Group synergy and sustainability in the long run.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or
its subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Not applicable
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make Not applicable
or give loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Not applicable
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if
secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the Not applicable
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on
or other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed the past practices adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with
entity in relation to the proposed transaction will be report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the
made available through registered email address of the electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to
shareholder. Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria
based on the market price or alternative pricing method of relevant
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as
may be applicable, shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the
case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be based on actual
cost incurred
553

Notice
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL with TPPPL
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Mrs Usha Sangwan, Independent Director of the Company is also an
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship Independent Director on the Board of TMPVL.
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the Company
is the Chairman and a Non- Executive Director on the Board of TMPVL.
Their interest or concern or that of their respective relatives, is limited
only to the extent of their holding directorship / KMP position in TMPVL.
None of the Directors or KMP of the Company are Directors or KMP of
TPPL.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 17 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 17 of the
Notice convening the AGM for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote to approve
the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 17 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction
or not.
Item No. 18
Details of the proposed RPTs Tata Motors Passenger Vechicles Limted (‘TMPVL’) and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited
(‘TPEML’), with Tata Autocomp Systems Limited (‘TACO’) including the information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory
Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, read with SEBI
Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL and TPEML with TACO
Sr. No. Description
TMPVL TPEML
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs:
a. Name of the Related Party and its Tata Autocomp Systems Limited (‘TACO’) is Tata Autocomp Systems Limited (‘TACO’) is
relationship with the Company or its a subsidiary of Tata Sons Private Limited, a subsidiary of Tata Sons Private Limited,
subsidiary, including nature of its concern the Promoter of the Company. TACO is the Promoter of the Company. TACO is
or interest (financial or otherwise) also an Associate of the Company. TACO also an Associate of the Company. TACO
is engaged in Specializing in the design, is engaged in Specializing in the design,
development, manufacturing, and development, manufacturing, and
supply of auto-component products and supply of auto-component products and
services, the company operates through services, the company operates through
its various Divisions and Business Units its various Divisions and Business Units
(BUs), encompassing both Subsidiaries (BUs), encompassing both Subsidiaries
and Joint Ventures. Serving Automotive and Joint Ventures. Serving Automotive
OEMs, including sectors such as Passenger OEMs, including sectors such as Passenger
Vehicles, Commercial Vehicles, Two and Vehicles, Commercial Vehicles, Two and
Three Wheelers, Tractors and Off-road, Three Wheelers, Tractors and Off-road,
industrial segments, and the Aftermarket, industrial segments, and the Aftermarket,
Tata AutoComp Systems comprises 18 Tata AutoComp Systems comprises 18
Business Units, including 9 Joint Ventures Business Units, including 9 Joint Ventures
with leading global auto component firms, with leading global auto component firms,
and operates 61 manufacturing facilities and operates 61 manufacturing facilities
worldwide, including locations in India, worldwide, including locations in India,
North America, Latin America, Europe, and North America, Latin America, Europe, and
China. China.
TMPVL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the TPEML is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Company and undertakes its passenger the Company and undertakes passenger
vehicles business as a separate entity w.e.f. electric business.
January 1, 2022
TPEML and TACO are Related Parties of the
TMPVL and TACO are Related Parties of the Company, as on the date of this Notice.
Company, as on the date of this Notice.
80th Integrated Annual Report
554
2024-25

Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL and TPEML with TACO
Sr. No. Description
TMPVL TPEML
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary TMPVL and TACO have entered into / TPEML and TACO have entered into /
value and particulars of the proposed RPTs propose to enter into the following RPTs propose to enter into the following RPTs
during FY26, for an aggregate value not during FY26, for an aggregate value not
exceeding ₹2,100 crore: exceeding ₹1,100 crore:
• Purchase of goods • Purchase of goods
• Sale of goods • Sale of goods
• Availment of services • Rendering of services
• Asset purchase/sale • Availment of services
• Rent received • Asset purchase/sale
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual 0.48% 0.25%
consolidated turnover, for the immediately
preceding financial year, that is represented
by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs This is a strategic alliance for sourcing This is a strategic alliance for sourcing
part and components for its vehicles part and components for its vehicles
basis detailed negotiations resulting in basis detailed negotiations resulting in
overall Tata Motors Group synergy and overall Tata Motors Group synergy and
sustainability in the long run. sustainability in the long run.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or
its subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection Not Applicable Not Applicable
with the proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is Not Applicable Not Applicable
incurred to make or give loans, inter-
corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, Not Applicable Not Applicable
tenure, interest rate and repayment
schedule, whether secured or unsecured;
if secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be Not Applicable Not Applicable
utilized by the ultimate beneficiary of such
funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on the past practices
the valuation or other external report, adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with report of reputed external agencies
if any, relied upon by the listed entity in obtained by the Company and the electronic copy of the same is available for inspection.
relation to the proposed transaction will be Please refer to Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case
made available through registered email of other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria based on
address of the shareholder. the market price or alternative pricing method of relevant materials and/or services.
Valuation report or other external report, as may be applicable, shall be obtained by the
parties concerned. In the case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be based on
actual cost incurred
555

Notice
Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL and TPEML with TACO
Sr. No. Description
TMPVL TPEML
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Mrs Usha Sangwan, Independent Director Ms Vedika Bhandarkar, Independent
Personnel (‘KMP’) who is related, if any and of the Company is also an Independent Director of the Company is also an
the nature of their relationship Director on the Board of TMPVL. Independent Director on the Board of
TPEML.
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer
and KMP of the Company is the Chairman Mrs Usha Sangwan, Independent Director
and a Non- Executive Director on the Board of the Company is also an Independent
of TMPVL. Director on the Board of TPEML.
Their interest or concern or that of their Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer
respective relatives, is limited only to the and KMP of the Company is the Chairman
extent of their holding directorship / KMP and a Non-Executive Director on the Board
position in TMPVL. of TPEML.
None of the Directors or KMP of the Their interest or concern or that of their
Company are Directors or KMP of TACO. respective relatives, is limited only to the
extent of their holding directorship / KMP
position in TPEML.
None of the Directors or KMP of the
Company are Directors or KMP of TACO.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement setting out material
facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 18 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 18 of the
Notice convening the AGM for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote to approve
the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 18 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction
or not.
Item No. 19
Details of the proposed RPTs of Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited (‘TMPVL’) with Taco Prestolite Electric Private Limited
(‘TPEPL’) including the information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662
dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL with TPEPL
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs:
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the TPEPL is a subsidiary of Tata AutoComp Systems Limited (‘TACO’), an
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern associate of the Company.
or interest (financial or otherwise)
TPEPL is an equal JV entered during FY22 between TACO and China-based
Prestolite Electric (Beijing) Limited. The company designs, manufactures
and supplies electric drivetrain solutions, having its manufacturing unit
in Pune, Maharashtra. The key customer is TMPVL, which accounts for
more than 95% of revenue. TMPVL is 100% subsidiary of the Company.
TMPVL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and undertakes its
passenger vehicles business as a separate entity w.e.f. January 1, 2022
TMPVL and TPEPL are Related Parties of the Company, as on the date of
this Notice.
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and TMPVL and TPEPL have entered into / propose to enter into the following
particulars of the proposed RPTs RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,100 crore:
• Purchase of goods
• Sale of goods
• Availment of services
• Rendering of services
80th Integrated Annual Report
556
2024-25

Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL with TPEPL
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated 0.25%
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs This is a strategic alliance for sourcing part and components for its
vehicles basis detailed negotiations resulting in overall Tata Motors
Group synergy and sustainability in the long run.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or
its subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Not applicable
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make Not applicable
or give loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Not applicable
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if
secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the Not applicable
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on
or other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed the past practices adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with
entity in relation to the proposed transaction will be report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the
made available through registered email address of the electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to
shareholder. Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria
based on the market price or alternative pricing method of relevant
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as
may be applicable, shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the
case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be based on actual
cost incurred
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Mrs Usha Sangwan, Independent Director of the Company is also an
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship Independent Director on the Board of TMPVL.
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the Company
is the Chairman and a Non-Executive Director on the Board of TMPVL.
Their interest or concern or that of their respective relatives, is limited
only to the extent of their holding directorship in TMPVL.
None of the Directors or KMPs of the Company are Directors or KMPs
of TPEPL.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 19 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 19 of the
Notice convening the AGM for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote to approve
the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 19 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction
or not.
557

Notice
Item No. 20
Details of the proposed RPTs of Tata Motors Passenger Vechicles Limted (‘TMPVL’) and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited
(‘TPEML’) with Tata Autocomp Gotion Green Energy Solutions Private Limited (‘TACO Gotion’) including the information required
to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120
dated July 11, 2023, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL and TPEML with TACO Gotion
Sr. No. Description
TMPVL TPEML
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs:
a. Name of the Related Party and its TACO Gotion is a subsidiary of Tata TACO Gotion is a subsidiary of Tata
relationship with the Company or its AutoComp Systems Limited (‘TACO’), AutoComp Systems Limited (‘TACO’),
subsidiary, including nature of its concern associate of the Company. TACO Gotion associate of the Company. TACO Gotion is
or interest (financial or otherwise) is a joint venture between TACO (60%) a joint venture between Tata Auto Comp
and Gotion China (40%) that designs, (60%) and Gotion China (40%) that designs,
manufactures, supplies, and services Li-ion manufactures, supplies, and services Li-ion
battery packs for electric vehicles in India. battery packs for electric vehicles in India.
TMPVL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the TPEML is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Company and undertakes its passenger the Company and undertakes passenger
vehicles business as a separate entity w.e.f. electric business.
January 1, 2022
TPEML and TACO Gotion are Related
TMPVL and TACO Gotion are Related Parties of the Company, as on the date of
Parties of the Company, as on the date of this Notice.
this Notice.
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary TMPVL and TACO Gotion have entered into TPEML and TACO Gotion have entered into
value and particulars of the proposed RPTs / propose to enter into the following RPTs / propose to enter into the following RPTs
during FY26, for an aggregate value not during FY26, for an aggregate value not
exceeding ₹2,000 crore: exceeding ₹1,300 crore:
• Purchase of goods • Purchase of goods
• Sale of goods • Sale of goods
• Availment of services • Rendering of services
• Rendering of services • Availment of services
• Asset purchase/sale • Asset purchase/sale
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual 0.45% 0.30%
consolidated turnover, for the immediately
preceding financial year, that is represented
by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs This is a strategic alliance for sourcing This is a strategic alliance for sourcing
part and components for its vehicles part and components for its vehicles
basis detailed negotiations resulting in basis detailed negotiations resulting in
overall Tata Motors Group synergy and overall Tata Motors Group synergy and
sustainability in the long run. sustainability in the long run.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or
its subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection Not applicable Not applicable
with the proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is Not Applicable Not Applicable
incurred to make or give loans, inter-
corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, Not Applicable Not Applicable
tenure, interest rate and repayment
schedule, whether secured or unsecured;
if secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be Not Applicable Not Applicable
utilized by the ultimate beneficiary of such
funds pursuant to the RPT
80th Integrated Annual Report
558
2024-25

Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL and TPEML with TACO Gotion
Sr. No. Description
TMPVL TPEML
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on the past practices
the valuation or other external report, adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with report of reputed external agencies
if any, relied upon by the listed entity in obtained by the Company and the electronic copy of the same is available for inspection.
relation to the proposed transaction will be Please refer to Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case
made available through registered email of other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria based on
address of the shareholder. the market price or alternative pricing method of relevant materials and/or services.
Valuation report or other external report, as may be applicable, shall be obtained by the
parties concerned. In the case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be based on
actual cost incurred
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Mrs Usha Sangwan, Independent Director Ms Vedika Bhandarkar, Independent
Personnel (‘KMP’) who is related, if any and of the Company is also an Independent Director of the Company is also an
the nature of their relationship Director on the Board of TMPVL Independent Director on the Board of
TPEML.
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer
and KMP of the Company is the Chairman Mrs Usha Sangwan, Independent Director
and a Non-Executive Director on the Board of the Company is also an Independent
of TMPVL. Director on the Board of TPEML.
Their interest or concern or that of their Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer
respective relatives, is limited only to the and KMP of the Company is the Chairman
extent of their holding directorship in and a Non-Executive Director on the Board
TMPVL. of TPEML.
None of the Directors or KMPs of the Their interest or concern or that of their
Company are Directors or KMPs of TACO respective relatives, is limited only to the
Gotion. extent of their holding directorship in
TPEML.
None of the Directors or KMPs of the
Company are Directors or KMPs of TACO
Gotion.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement setting out material
facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 20 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 20 of the
Notice convening the AGM for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote to approve
the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 20 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction
or not.
559

Notice
Item No. 21
Details of the proposed RPTs of Tata Motors Passenger Vechicles Limted (‘TMPVL’) with TM Automotive Seating Systems Private
Limited (‘TM Automotive’) including the information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI
Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/
CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL with TM Automotive
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs:
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the TM Automotive a joint venture of Tata AutoComp Systems Limited
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern or (‘TACO’), associate of the Company. TM Automotive was incorporated
interest (financial or otherwise) in March 2015 and is a 50:50 joint venture company between TACO
and Magna Seating of America. TM Automotive seating system is into
designing and manufacturing of seating systems for passenger cars, SUV
and commercial vehicles. TM Seating have manufacturing footprints in
Pune, Maharashtra and Dharwad, Karnataka.
TMPVL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and undertakes its
passenger vehicles business as a separate entity w.e.f. January 1, 2022
TMPVL and TM Automotive are Related Parties of the Company, as on
the date of this Notice.
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and particulars TMPVL and TM Automotive have entered into / propose to enter into
of the proposed RPTs the following RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding
₹1,200 crore:
• Purchase of goods
• Sale of goods
• Rendering of services
• Availment of services
• Asset purchase/sale
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated turnover, 0.27%
for the immediately preceding financial year, that is
represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs This is a strategic alliance for sourcing part and components for its
vehicles basis detailed negotiations resulting in overall Tata Motors
Group synergy and sustainability in the long run.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or its
subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Not applicable
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make or give Not applicable
loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Not applicable
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if
secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the Not applicable
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation or The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on
other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed entity the past practices adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with
in relation to the proposed transaction will be made available report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the
through registered email address of the shareholder. electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to
Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria
based on the market price or alternative pricing method of relevant
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as
may be applicable, shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the
case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be based on actual
cost incurred
80th Integrated Annual Report
560
2024-25

Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs of TMPVL with TM Automotive
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Mrs Usha Sangwan, Independent Director of the Company is also an
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship Independent Director on the Board of TMPVL
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the Company
is the Chairman and a Non-Executive Director on the Board of TMPVL.
Their interest or concern or that of their respective relatives, is limited
only to the extent of their holding directorship in TMPVL.
None of the Directors or KMPs of the Company are Directors or KMPs of
TM Automotive.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 21 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 21 of the
Notice convening the AGM for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote to approve
the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 21 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction
or not.
Item No. 22
Details of the proposed RPTs of Shanghai Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Services Company Limited (‘SJLR’) and Jaguar Land
Rover Limited (‘JLRL’) with Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Company Limited (‘CJLR’), including the information required to
be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated
July 11, 2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Details of proposed RPTs between SJLR and JLRL with CJLR
Sr. No. Description
SJLR JLRL
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party and its Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc (‘JLRA’) Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc (‘JLRA’)
relationship with the Company or its is a step down wholly owned subsidiary is a step down wholly owned subsidiary
subsidiary, including nature of its concern of the Company. JLRA is into the design, of the Company. JLRA is into the design,
or interest (financial or otherwise) development, manufacture and marketing development, manufacture and marketing
of high-performance luxury saloons, of high-performance luxury saloons,
specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive off- specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive off-
road vehicles and related components. road vehicles and related components.
JLRL and Jaguar Land Rover (China) JLRL and Jaguar Land Rover (China)
Investment Company Limited (‘JLR China’) Investment Company Limited (‘JLR China’)
are step down subsidiaries of JLRA. are step down subsidiaries of JLRA.
JLRL is into manufacturing of luxury cars JLRL is into manufacturing of luxury cars
and JLR China operates as an automobile and JLR China operates as an automobile
wholesaler in China. wholesaler in China.
SJLR is a wholly owned subsidiary of JLR JLRL and JLR China jointly with Chery
China. Automobile Co. Ltd. are shareholders of
the Joint venture entity CJLR, which is
JLRL and JLR China jointly with Chery
into the business of manufacturing and
Automobile Co. Ltd. are shareholders of
assembly of vehicles.
the Joint venture entity CJLR, which is
into the business of manufacturing and JLRL and CJLR are Related Parties of the
assembly of vehicles. Company, as on the date of this Notice.
SJLR and CJLR are Related Parties of the
Company, as on the date of this Notice.
561

Notice
Details of proposed RPTs between SJLR and JLRL with CJLR
Sr. No. Description
SJLR JLRL
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary SJLR and CJLR have entered into / propose JLRL and CJLR have entered into / propose
value and particulars of the proposed RPTs to enter into the following RPTs during FY to enter into the following RPTs during FY
26, for an aggregate value not exceeding 26, for an aggregate value not exceeding
₹1,400 crore: ₹4,300 crore:
• Purchase of goods • Sale of Goods
• Sale of goods • Purchase of goods
• Rendering of services • Availment of services
• Availment of services • Rendering of services
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual 0.32% 0.98%
consolidated turnover, for the immediately
preceding financial year, that is represented
by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs As a part of the Tata Motors Group Strategy, As a part of the Tata Motors Group Strategy,
the group companies of the Company the group companies of the Company
enter into transactions with Group entities enter into transactions with Group entities
amongst themselves which not only help amongst themselves which not only help
smoothen business operations of the smoothen business operations of the
companies, inter-se, but also ensures companies, inter-se, but also ensures
consistent flow of desired quality and consistent flow of desired quality and
quantity of facilities and services without quantity of facilities and services without
interruptions and generation of revenue interruptions and generation of revenue
and business enhancement. and business enhancement.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or
its subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection Not applicable Not applicable
with the proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is Not applicable Not applicable
incurred to make or give loans, inter-
corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, Not applicable Not applicable
tenure, interest rate and repayment
schedule, whether secured or unsecured;
if secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be Not applicable Not applicable
utilized by the ultimate beneficiary of such
funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that The pricing mechanism followed for proposed RPTs shall be based on Arm’s Length
the valuation or other external report, Principle applicable as per Jurisdictional guidelines. Valuation report and/or other
if any, relied upon by the listed entity in external report, if applicable, would be obtained and relied upon.
relation to the proposed transaction will
be made available through registered
email address of the shareholder.
80th Integrated Annual Report
562
2024-25

Details of proposed RPTs between SJLR and JLRL with CJLR
Sr. No. Description
SJLR JLRL
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Mr N Chandrasekaran, Chairman and Non- Mr N Chandrasekaran, Chairman and Non-
Personnel (‘KMP’) who is related, if any Executive Director of the Company is also Executive Director of the Company is also
and the nature of their relationship the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Chairman of the Board of Directors of
JLRA. JLRA.
Ms Hanne Sorensen, Independent Director Ms Hanne Sorensen, Independent Director
of the Company is also a Director on the of the Company is also a Director on the
Board of JLRL, JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover Board of JLRL, JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover
Holdings Limited. Holdings Limited.
Mr Al-Noor Ramji, Independent Director Mr Al-Noor Ramji, Independent Director
of the Company is also a Director on the of the Company is also a Director on the
Board of JLRA and JLR China. Board of JLRA and JLR China.
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer
and KMP of the Company is also a Director and KMP of the Company is also a Director
on the Board of JLRA. on the Board of JLRA.
Their interest or concern or that of their Their interest or concern or that of their
respective relatives, is limited only to the respective relatives, is limited only to the
extent of their holding directorship / KMP extent of their holding directorship / KMP
position as mentioned above in the JLR position as mentioned above in the JLR
Group of Companies. Group of Companies.
None of the Directors or KMP of the None of the Directors or KMP of the
Company is Director / KMP of SJLR or CJLR. Company is Director / KMP of CJLR.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement setting out material
facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 22 of the Notice.
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 22
of the Notice for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No. 22 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
563

Notice
Item No. 23
Details of the proposed RPTs of Jaguar Land Rover Limited (‘JLRL’) with Sertec Aluminium Structures Limited (‘SASL’) including
the information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November
22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with SASL
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc (‘JLRA’) is a step down wholly owned
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern subsidiary of the Company. JLRA is into the design, development,
or interest (financial or otherwise) manufacture and marketing of high-performance luxury saloons,
specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive off-road vehicles and related
components.
JLRL is a step down subsidiary of JLRA.
JLRL is into the design, development, manufacture and marketing of
high-performance luxury saloons, specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive
off-road vehicles and related components.
SASL core business activity focuses on the manufacturing of complex,
lightweight aluminum structures and electric vehicle (EV) components
for major automotive Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and
Tier-One suppliers. SASL is an associate of JLR Group.
JLRL and SASL are Related Party of the Company, as on the date of this
Notice.
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and JLRL and SASL have entered into / propose to enter into the following
particulars of the proposed RPTs RPTs during FY 26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,400 crore:
• Purchase of goods
• Sale of goods
• Rendering of services
• Availment of Services
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated 0.32%
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs As a part of the Tata Motors Group Strategy, the group companies of
the Company enter into transactions with Group entities amongst
themselves to ensure consistent flow of desired quality and quantity of
facilities and services without interruptions and generation of revenue
and business enhancement. Sertec Aluminium Structures Limited was a
supplier to JLR UK prior to becoming a related party and continues to be
so after becoming an associate of JLR.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or
its subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Not applicable
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make Not applicable
or give loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Not applicable
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if
secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the Not applicable
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation The pricing mechanism followed for proposed RPTs shall be based
or other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed on Arm’s Length Principle applicable as per Jurisdictional guidelines.
entity in relation to the proposed transaction will be Valuation report and/or other external report, if applicable, would be
made available through registered email address of the obtained and relied upon.
shareholder.
80th Integrated Annual Report
564
2024-25

Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with SASL
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Mr N Chandrasekaran, Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship Company is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of JLRA.
Ms Hanne Sorensen, Independent Director of the Company is also a
Director on the Board of JLRL, JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover Holdings
Limited.
Mr Al-Noor Ramji, Independent Director of the Company is also a
Director on the Board of JLRA and aguar Land Rover (China) Investment
Co. Limited.
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the Company is
also a Director on the Board of JLRA.
Their interest or concern or that of their respective relatives, is limited
only to the extent of their holding directorship / KMP position as
mentioned above in the JLR Group of Companies.
None of the Directors or KMP of the Company is Director / KMP of SASL.
Their interest or concern or that of their respective relatives, is limited
only to the extent of their holding directorship / KMP position as
mentioned above in the JLR Group of Companies.
None of the Directors or KMP of the Company is Director / KMP of SASL.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 23 of the Notice.
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 23
of the Notice for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No. 23 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
Item No. 24
Details of the proposed RPTs of Jaguar Land Rover Limited (‘JLRL’) with Sertec Auto Structures (UK) Limited (‘SASUKL’), including
the information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November
22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with SASUKL
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc (‘JLRA’) is a step down wholly owned
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern subsidiary of the Company. JLRA is into the design, development,
or interest (financial or otherwise) manufacture and marketing of high-performance luxury saloons,
specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive off-road vehicles and related
components.
JLRL is a step down subsidiary of JLRA.
JLRL is into the design, development, manufacture and marketing of
high-performance luxury saloons, specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive
off-road vehicles and related components.
SASUKL is in the business of design, manufacture and onward supply
of metal and aluminium stampings, robotics, welded assemblies,
prototyping and tooling services predominantly for use in the automotive
sector. SASUKL is an associate of JLR Group.
JLRL and SASUKL Limited are Related Parties of the Company, as on the
date of this Notice.
565

Notice
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with SASUKL
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and JLRL and SASUKL have entered into / propose to enter into the following
particulars of the proposed RPTs RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹1,400 crore:
• Purchase of goods
• Sale of goods
• Rendering of services
• Availment of Services
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated 0.32%
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs As a part of the Tata Motors Group Strategy, the group companies of
the Company enter into transactions with Group entities amongst
themselves to ensure consistent flow of desired quality and quantity of
facilities and services without interruptions and generation of revenue
and business enhancement. Sertec Group was a supplier to JLR UK prior
to becoming a related party and continues to be so after becoming an
associate of JLR.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or
its subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Not applicable
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make Not applicable
or give loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Not applicable
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if
secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the Not applicable
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation The pricing mechanism followed for proposed RPTs shall be based
or other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed on Arm’s Length Principle applicable as per Jurisdictional guidelines.
entity in relation to the proposed transaction will be Valuation report and/or other external report, if applicable, would be
made available through registered email address of the obtained and relied upon.
shareholder.
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Mr N Chandrasekaran, Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship Company is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of JLRA.
Ms Hanne Sorensen, Independent Director of the Company is also
a Director on the Board of JLRL, JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover Holdings
Limited.
Mr Al-Noor Ramji, Independent Director of the Company is also a
Director on the Board of JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover (China) Investment
Co. Limited.
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the Company is
also a Director on the Board of JLRA.
Their interest or concern or that of their respective relatives, is limited
to only to the extent of their holding in directorship / KMP position as
mentioned above in the JLR Group of Companies.
None of the Directors or KMPs of the Company is Director/KMP of
SASKUL.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 24 of the Notice.
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 24
of the Notice for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No. 24 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
80th Integrated Annual Report
566
2024-25

Item No. 25
Details of the proposed RPTs of Jaguar Land Rover Limited (‘JLRL’) with Artifex Interior Systems Limited (‘Artifex’), including the
information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/
CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11.2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021,
are as follows:
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with Artifex
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc (‘JLRA’) is a step down wholly owned
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern subsidiary of the Company. JLRA is into the design, development,
or interest (financial or otherwise) manufacture and marketing of high-performance luxury saloons,
specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive off-road vehicles and related
components.
JLRL is a step down subsidiary of JLRA.
JLRL is into the design, development, manufacture and marketing of
high-performance luxury saloons, specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive
off-road vehicles and related components.
Artifex is primarily involved in manufacturing and supplying innovative
interior components for the automotive industry, with a focus on luxury
and high-end vehicles. Artifex is a subsidiary of Tata Autocomp Systems
Limited, which is a subsidiary of Tata Sons Private Limited, the promoter
of the Company.
JLRL and Artifex are Related Parties of the Company, as on the date of
this Notice.
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and JLRL and Artifex have entered into / propose to enter into the following
particulars of the proposed RPTs RPTs during FY26, for an aggregate value not exceeding ₹4,500 crore:
• Sale of Goods
• Rendering of services
• Purchase of goods
• Purchase of services
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated 1.02%
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs As a part of the Tata Motors Group Strategy, the group companies of
the Company enter into transactions with Group entities amongst
themselves which not only help smoothen business operations of
the companies, inter-se, but also ensures consistent flow of desired
quality and quantity of facilities and services without interruptions and
generation of revenue and business enhancement.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or
its subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Not applicable
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make Not applicable
or give loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Not applicable
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if
secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the Not applicable
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
567

Notice
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with Artifex
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation The pricing mechanism followed for proposed RPTs shall be based
or other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed on Arm’s Length Principle applicable as per Jurisdictional guidelines.
entity in relation to the proposed transaction will be Valuation report and/or other external report, if applicable, would be
made available through registered email address of the obtained and relied upon.
shareholder.
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Mr N Chandrasekaran, Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship Company is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of JLRA.
Ms Hanne Sorensen, Independent Director of the Company is also a
Director on the Board of JLRL, JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover Holdings
Limited.
Mr Al-Noor Ramji, Independent Director of the Company is also a
Director on the Board of JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover (China) Investment
Co. Limited.
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the Company is
also a Director on the Board of JLRA.
Their interest or concern or that of their respective relatives, is limited
to only to the extent of their holding in directorship / KMP position as
mentioned above in the JLR Group of Companies.
None of the Directors or KMPs of the Company is Director/KMP of
Artifex.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 25 of the Notice.
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 25
of the Notice for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No. 25 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
Item No. 26
Details of the proposed RPTs of Jaguar Land Rover Limited (‘JLRL’), subsidiary of the Company with Tata Consultancy Services
Limited (‘TCS’) including the information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master
Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/ CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/
CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with TCS
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc (‘JLRA’) is a step down wholly owned
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern subsidiary of the Company. JLRA is into the design, development,
or interest (financial or otherwise) manufacture and marketing of high-performance luxury saloons,
specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive off-road vehicles and related
components.
JLRL is a step down subsidiary of JLRA.
JLRL is into the design, development, manufacture and marketing of
high-performance luxury saloons, specialist sports cars, four-wheel drive
off-road vehicles and related components.
Tata Consultancy Services Limited (‘TCS’) is a subsidiary of Tata Sons
Private Limited, the Promoter of the Company. TCS being a globally
recognised provider of IT services participates in the digitization initiatives
of entities within Tata group and partners in respective entities’ growth
and transformation journeys.
TCS Group is Related Party of the Company as on the date of this Notice.
80th Integrated Annual Report
568
2024-25

Sr. No. Description Details of proposed RPTs between JLRL with TCS
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and JLRL and TCS have entered into / propose to enter into RPTs pertaining
particulars of the proposed RPTs to the availing/rendering of services during FY26, for an aggregate value
not exceeding ₹4,400 crore.
• Availment of services
• Rendering of services
• Asset purchase/sale
• Purchase of goods
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated 1.00%
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs As a part of the Tata Motors Group Strategy, the group companies of the
Company enter into transactions with Tata Group entities amongst
themselves which not only help smoothen business operations of
the companies, inter-se, but also ensures consistent flow of desired
quality and quantity of facilities and services without interruptions and
generation of revenue and business enhancement.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or
its subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Not applicable
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make Not applicable
or give loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Not applicable
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if
secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the Not applicable
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation The pricing mechanism followed for proposed RPTs shall be based
or other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed on Arm’s Length Principle applicable as per Jurisdictional guidelines.
entity in relation to the proposed transaction will be Valuation report and/or other external report, if applicable, would be
made available through registered email address of the obtained and relied upon.
shareholder.
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Mr N Chandrasekaran, Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship Company is also the Chairman and Non-Executive Director on the Board
of Directors of TCS and JLRA.
Ms Hanne Sorensen, Independent Director of the Company is also a
Director on the Board of TCS, JLRL, JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover Holdings
Limited.
Mr Al-Noor Ramji, Independent Director of the Company is also a Director
on the Board of TCS, JLRA and Jaguar Land Rover (China) Investment Co.
Limited.
Mr P B Balaji, Group Chief Financial Officer and KMP of the Company is
also a Director on the Board of JLRA.
Their interest or concern or that of their respective relatives, is limited
to only to the extent of their holding in directorship / KMP position as
mentioned above in the JLR Group of Companies and TCS.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 26 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 26 of the
Notice convening the AGM for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No. 26 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
569

Notice
Item No. 27
Details of the proposed RPTs of the Company along with its ancillary entities who are third parties with Tata Steel Limited (‘TSL’)
and Poshs Metals Industries Private Limited (a third party vendor of TSL), including the information required to be disclosed as
part of the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11,
2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Details of proposed RPTs between the of the Company along with its ancillary
Sr. No. Description entities who are third parties with TSL and Poshs Metals Industries Private Limited
(a third party vendor of TSL)
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the Tata Steel Limited is a listed associate company of Tata Sons Private
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern Limited (Promoter of the Company, as well as forms part of the Promoter
or interest (financial or otherwise) Group) and consequently, a related party of Company.
Poshs Metals Industries Private Limited is a third party vendor.
The Company along with its ancillary entities who are third parties
procures steel from TSL and Poshs Metals Industries Private Limited a
third party vendor of TSL at a price negotiated between the Company
and TSL.
Since materials are supplied by TSL directly and through its vendor to
the Company at a price negotiated with TSL, these transactions are
construed as RPTs for the purpose and effect to benefit the Company, as
per the SEBI Listing Regulations.
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and The Company has undertaken/proposed to undertake RPTs with TSL and
particulars of the proposed RPTs its third party vendor. The RPTs involve purchase & sale of goods / raw
materials and availment of services during FY26 for an aggregate value
not exceeding ₹4,572 crore.
• Purchase of goods
• Sale of goods
• Availment of services
• Rendering of services
• Interest paid
• Asset purchase/sale
• Rent paid
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated 1.04%
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs One of the important objectives of the Company is to meet the
business requirements and quality of the product which the company
manufactures. TSL is a leading manufacturer of steel in India and meets
the quality standard requirement of the Company’s manufacturing units.
In light of above and other commercial factors, aforementioned
transactions are undertaken, which will help both the companies to
smoothen business operations and also ensure a consistent flow of
desired quality and quantity of materials for uninterrupted operations
and increase in productivity.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or
its subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Not applicable
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make Not applicable
or give loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
80th Integrated Annual Report
570
2024-25

Details of proposed RPTs between the of the Company along with its ancillary
Sr. No. Description entities who are third parties with TSL and Poshs Metals Industries Private Limited
(a third party vendor of TSL)
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Not applicable
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if
secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the Not applicable
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on
or other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed the past practices adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with
entity in relation to the proposed transaction will be report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the
made available through registered email address of the electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to
shareholder. Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria
based on the market price or alternative pricing method of relevant
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as
may be applicable, shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the
case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be basis actual cost
incurred.
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Mr N Chandrasekaran, Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship Company is also the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of TSL.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 27 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 27 of the
Notice convening the AGM for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No. 27 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
Item No. 28
Details of the proposed RPTs of the Company along with ancillary entities of the Company who are third parties with Tata
Steel Downstream Products Limited , identified subsidiaries / affiliates of TSL, identified subsidiaries/ affiliates of TSL and Poshs
Metals Industries Private Limited (a third party) through dealers of TSL, including the information required to be disclosed as
part of the Explanatory Statement pursuant to the SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11,
2023 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are as follows:
Details of proposed RPTs between the Company along with ancillary entities of the
Sr. No. Description
Company who are third parties with Tata Steel Downstream Products Limited
1. Summary of information provided by the Management to the Audit Committee for approval of the proposed RPTs
a. Name of the Related Party and its relationship with the Tata Steel Limited is a listed associate company of Tata Sons Private
Company or its subsidiary, including nature of its concern Limited (Promoter of the Company, as well as forms part of the Promoter
or interest (financial or otherwise) Group) and consequently, a related party of Company.
Tata Steel Downstreams Products Limited is a subsidiary of TSL.
The Company procures steel from dealers of TSL which in turn procures
the steel from Tata Steel Downstreams Products Limited, a subsidiary of
TSL at a price negotiated between the Company and TSL.
Since materials are supplied by TSL and/or its subsidiaries directly and
through its dealers to the Company at a price negotiated with TSL, these
transactions are construed as RPTs for the purpose and effect to benefit
the Company, as per the SEBI Listing Regulations.
571

Notice
Details of proposed RPTs between the Company along with ancillary entities of the
Sr. No. Description
Company who are third parties with Tata Steel Downstream Products Limited
b. Type, material terms, tenure, monetary value and The Company has undertaken/proposed to undertake RPTs with TSL its
particulars of the proposed RPTs subsidiaries and third party dealers. The RPTs involve purchase & sale
of goods / raw materials and availment of services during FY26 for an
aggregate value not exceeding ₹3,555 crore.
• Purchase of goods
• Sale of goods
• Availment of services
• Rendering of services
• Interest paid
• Asset purchase/sale
• Rent paid
c. Percentage of the Company’s annual consolidated 0.81%
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial year, that
is represented by the value of the proposed RPTs.
2. Justification for the proposed RPTs One of the important objectives of the Company is to meet the
business requirements and quality of the product which the company
manufactures. TSL is a leading manufacturer of steel in India and meets
the quality standard requirement of the Company’s manufacturing units.
In light of above and other commercial factors, aforementioned
transactions are undertaken, which will help both the companies to
smoothen business operations and also ensure a consistent flow of
desired quality and quantity of materials for uninterrupted operations
and increase in productivity.
3. Details of proposed RPTs relating to any loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or investments made or given by the Company or
its subsidiary
a. Details of the source of funds in connection with the Not applicable
proposed transaction
b. Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to make Not applicable
or give loans, inter-corporate deposits, advances or
investments:
- Nature of indebtedness
- Cost of funds and
- Tenure
c. Applicable terms, including covenants, tenure, interest rate Not applicable
and repayment schedule, whether secured or unsecured; if
secured, the nature of security
d. The purpose for which the funds will be utilized by the Not applicable
ultimate beneficiary of such funds pursuant to the RPT
4. Arm’s length pricing and a statement that the valuation The pricing mechanism followed for recurring transactions is based on
or other external report, if any, relied upon by the listed the past practices adopting Arm’s Length Principle substantiated with
entity in relation to the proposed transaction will be report of reputed external agencies obtained by the Company and the
made available through registered email address of the electronic copy of the same is available for inspection. Please refer to
shareholder. Note 11 given in the Notice on inspection of documents. In the case of
other RPTs, the pricing mechanism would be as per Arm’s Length criteria
based on the market price or alternative pricing method of relevant
materials and/or services. Valuation report or other external report, as
may be applicable, shall be obtained by the parties concerned. In the
case of reimbursements / recoveries, same would be basis actual cost
incurred.
5. Name of the Director or Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) Mr N Chandrasekaran, Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the
who is related, if any and the nature of their relationship Company is also the Chairman and Non-Executive Director of TSL.
6. Any other information that may be relevant All relevant information are mentioned in the Explanatory Statement
setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, forming
part of this Notice.
80th Integrated Annual Report
572
2024-25

None of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 28 of the Notice.
Based on the approval of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth at Item No. 28 of the
Notice convening the AGM for approval by the Members.
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, no Related Party shall vote on the Ordinary
Resolution set forth at Item No. 28 of the Notice, whether the entity is a Related Party to the particular transaction or not.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Maloy Kumar Gupta
Mumbai, Company Secretary
May 13, 2025 ACS No: 24123
Registered Office:
Bombay House, 24, Homi Mody Street, Mumbai 400 001
Tel: +91 22 6665 8282
Email: inv_rel@tatamotors.com
Website: www.tatamotors.com
CIN: L28920MH1945PLC004520
573

Notice
DETAILS OF DIRECTORS SEEKING APPOINTMENT/RE-APPOINTMENT IN THE FORTHCOMING
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
[Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meetings]
Name of Director Mr N Chandrasekaran Mr Kosaraju Veerayya Chowdary Mr Guenter Butschek
Director Identification 00121863 08485334 07427375
Number (DIN)
Designation / Category Chairman Non-Executive Independent Additional Non-Executive
of Director Non-Executive (Non-Independent) Director Independent Director
Director
Age 61 71 65
Date of first January 17, 2017 October 27, 2020 May 1, 2025
Appointment
Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Applied Science Mr Chowdary has done his Mr Butschek graduated in Business
and Master’s degree in Computer graduation in Mathematics from Administration and Economics with
Applications from Regional Loyola College Chennai and Post - a diploma from the University of
Engineering College, Trichy, Tamil Graduation in Mathematics from IIT, Cooperative Education Stuttgart,
Nadu, India Chennai. Germany.
Expertise in specific Mr Natarajan Chandrasekaran is the Mr Chowdary started his career in Mr Guenter Butschek is a
functional areas Chairman of Tata Sons, the promoter 1976 as a probationary officer in globally experienced (South
of all Tata Group companies. Andhra Bank and later joined the Africa, China, India, South Korea,
Mr Chandrasekaran joined the Indian Revenue Service in 1978. Europe) Chief Executive leading
Board of Tata Sons in October 2016 On deputation, he went to the holistic industrial strategies and
and was appointed Chairman in Department of Revenue as Under operational excellence in aerospace
January 2017. He also chairs the Secretary and thereafter to the and automotive industry. He is
Boards of several group operating Department of Company Affairs as recognized as a thought leader and
companies, including Tata Steel, Deputy Secretary. for running turnaround initiatives
Tata Motors, Tata Power, Air India, including large-scale business
He held several executive positions
Tata Chemicals, Tata Consumer transformations, optimizing
and retired as Chairman of
Products, Indian Hotel Company, manufacturing footprints, aligning
Central Board of Direct Taxes. On
and Tata Consultancy Services. end-to-end supply chain operations,
Superannuation, he was appointed
improving global operating systems,
Before becoming the Chairman, as an Advisor to the Department of
leading joint ventures and creating
he was the Chief Executive of TCS, Revenue, Ministry of Finance.
partnerships with social partners,
a company in which he served 30
Mr Chowdary was the Central private and public authorities as
years, including eight until 2017, as
Vigilance Commissioner from June well as fostering organizational
its CEO. Under his leadership, TCS
2015 to June 2019. He was elected culture of teamwork, agility and
became the country’s most valuable
as a Member of the Executive accountability.
company.
Committee of International
Since April 2022, Mr Butschek is
At the Tata Group, Mr Association of Anti-Corruption
the Chief Executive Officer (‘CEO’)
Chandrasekaran has pursued Agencies. He is a Member on the
of Cubonic GmbH, a pioneering
the “One Tata” strategy, based Advisory Board of Comptroller and
provider of sustainable, highly
on the themes of simplification, Auditor General of India.
customizable electric LCV solutions
scale, and synergy. Now he is
offering automated to autonomous
driving transformation of the
driving, seamless connectivity to
Tata group towards a sustainable
customers’ ecosystems, peace-
future. He has steered the group
of-mind reliability and improved
into new businesses including
productivity and profitability. He
semiconductors, electronics
is also a Non-Executive Director of
manufacturing, consumer internet
Cheesecake Energy Limited, UK with
platform, mobile technology and
effect from February 1, 2023.
battery giga-factories. The Tata
group has expanded its aviation Preceding that he was the CEO &
presence with the acquisition of MD of Tata Motors Limited (‘TML’)
Air India and is building a large from February 15, 2016 to June
global airline. The group’s turnover 30, 2021, also serving on several
exceeded US$179 billion with a
TML affiliated company Boards
market cap of US$328 billion as on
as Chairman and Non-Executive
31st March, 2025.
Director.
80th Integrated Annual Report
574
2024-25

Name of Director Mr N Chandrasekaran Mr Kosaraju Veerayya Chowdary Mr Guenter Butschek
Mr Chandrasekaran is on the Prior to this, he was engaged with
International Advisory Council of Airbus, in the capacity of Global
Singapore’s Economic Development Chief Operating Officer, Chief
Board, Mitsubishi’s International Executive Officer Airbus Germany,
Advisory Committee and on the member of the Management Board
Board of Governors of New York - Airbus Group and on various
Academy of Sciences. He is the Co- Supervisory Board Mandates. He
Chair of the India US CEO Forum. has also performed in various
management functions and in
The numerous recognitions
several global constituencies within
conferred on him include, the
the Daimler Group.
Padma Bhushan, one of India’s
highest civilian awards in 2022
and France’s highest civilian award
Légion d’Honneur, in 2023. In 2025,
he was conferred as an Honorary
Knight of the Most Excellent Order
of the British Empire.
Mr Chandrasekaran has been
awarded several honorary
doctorates by leading Universities in
India and internationally, including
an honorary Doctor of Letters from
Macquarie University, Australia,
Doctor Honoris Causa by Nyenrode
University, The Netherlands, and
Doctor of Letters from the Regional
Engineering College, Trichy,
Tamil Nadu.
Mr Chandrasekaran is also the
author of Bridgital Nation, a ground-
breaking book on harnessing
technological disruptions to bring
Indians closer to their dreams.
He is an avid photographer, and a
passionate long-distance marathon
runner. He is a Six Star Finisher of
the World Marathon Majors and
continues to champion fitness.
Born in 1963, Mr Chandrasekaran
is a Bachelor in Applied Sciences
and has Masters in Computer
Applications.
575

Notice
Name of Director Mr N Chandrasekaran Mr Kosaraju Veerayya Chowdary Mr Guenter Butschek
Directorships held • Tata Sons Private Limited • CCL Products Limited NIL
in other companies • Tata Consultancy Services • Divi’s Laboratories Limited
including equity listed Limited • Eugia Pharma Specialities
companies and excluding • Tata Steel Limited Limited
foreign companies
• The Indian Hotels Company • Reliance Industries Limited
Limited • GMR Varalakshmi Foundation
• The Tata Power Company • Genome Foundation
Limited • Reliance Jio Infocom Ltd
• Tata Chemicals Limited • My Home Industries Private
• TCS Foundation limited
• Air India Limited • Anant Raj limited
• Tata Digital Private Limited • Nuziveedu Seeds Limited
• Tata Consumer Products • Yashoda Health Services P Ltd
Limited
• Tata Limited
• Indian Foundation for Quality
Management
• Tata Electronics Private
Limited
• Agratas Energy Storage
Solutions Private Limited
• B20 Global Institute Private
Limited
• Tata Incorporated
• Ratan Tata Endowment
Foundation
Memberships/ Tata Sons Private Limited CCL Products (India) Limited NIL
Chairmanships of • Nomination and • Audit Committee (Chairman)
committees of other Remuneration Committee • Nomination and
companies (excluding (Member) Remuneration Committee
foreign companies) • CSR & ESG Committee (Member)
(Chairman) Divi’s Laboratories Limited
• Risk Management Committee • Audit Committee (Chairman)
(Chairman)
• Nomination and
Tata Consultancy Services Limited
Remuneration Committee
• Nomination and
(Member)
Remuneration Committee
• Stakeholders’ Relationship
(Member)
Committee (Member)
• Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee Reliance Industries Limited
(Chairman) • Shareholders’’ Relationship
• Executive Committee Committee (Chairman)
(Chairman) • Audit Committee (Member)
Tata Steel Limited • Corporate Social
• Nomination and Responsibility Committee
Remuneration Committee (Member)
(Member)
• Nomination and
• Executive Committee
Remuneration Committee
(Chairman)
(Member)
The Indian Hotels Company
• Risk Management Committee
Limited
(Member)
• Nomination and
Eugia Pharma Specialities Limited
Remuneration Committee
(Member) • Audit Committee (Chairman)
The Tata Power Company Limited • Nomination and
• Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Remuneration Committee (Member)
(Member) GMR Varalakshmi Foundation
• Executive Committee • Audit Committee (Member)
(Chairman)
80th Integrated Annual Report
576
2024-25

Name of Director Mr N Chandrasekaran Mr Kosaraju Veerayya Chowdary Mr Guenter Butschek
Air India Limited My Home Industries Private Limited
• Nomination and • Audit Committee (Member)
Remuneration Committee • Management Committee
(Member) (Member)
• Corporate Social Anant Raj Limited
Responsibility & Sustainability
• Nomination and
Committee (Chairman)
Remuneration Committee
Tata Consumer Products Limited
(Chairman)
• Nomination and
Nuziveedu Seeds Limited
Remuneration Committee
(Member) • Audit Committee (Chairman)
• Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee
(Chairman)
• Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
(Member)
No. of Shares held in the 5,00,000 Ordinary Shares NIL NIL
Company
Name of listed entities NIL NIL NIL
from which the person
has resigned in the past
three years
Relationship with other NIL NIL NIL
Directors, Managers, and
other Key Managerial
Personnel of the
Company
Terms and Conditions Re-appointment as a Non-Executive, Re-appointment as a Non- Executive Appointment as an Additional
of appointment / Non Independent Director and Independent Director for Director and Independent Director
reappointment the second term with effect from with effect from May 1, 2025
October 27, 2025.
Details of Remuneration He shall be paid a fee for attending He shall be paid a fee for attending He shall be paid a fee for attending
sought to be paid meetings of the Board or Committees meetings of the Board or meetings of the Board or
thereof and reimbursement of Committees thereof, commission Committees thereof, commission
expenses for participating in the and reimbursement of expenses for and reimbursement of expenses for
Board and other meetings. participating in the Board and other participating in the Board and other
meetings. meetings.
For other details such as the number of meetings of the Board attended during FY25, remuneration last drawn in FY25 by the
above Directors, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report which is a part of this Integrated Annual Report.
577

ESG Databook
Scope of the ESG Databook
The information cited in this ESG Databook for the period 1st April 2024 to 31st March 2025 is with reference to the GRI Standards.
The reporting boundary includes Tata Motors Limited along with its two wholly owned subsidiaries, Tata Motors Passenger
Vehicles Limited (TMPVL) and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited (TPEML). The scope of this report excludes the joint
operations of Tata Cummins Private Ltd.
Vehicle Production
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Number of Vehicles produced Number 9,35,868 9,74,434
Environment related data
Energy Consumption
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Energy from Non-renewable sources LPG GJ 48,735 53,223
Propane GJ 3,63,068 4,20,708
CNG GJ 7,328 4,819
Natural Gas GJ 4,00,833 3,56,511
LNG GJ 1,737 2,971
Petrol GJ 23,075 19,757*
Diesel GJ 1,32,367 1,62,375*
Petrol E20 GJ 5,478 3,016
Petrol E93 GJ 111 0
Electricity GJ 10,61,128 11,96,782
Total non-renewable energy consumption GJ 20,43,861 22,20,162*
Energy from Renewable sources Electricity GJ 8,96,271 6,97,039*
Total renewable energy consumption GJ 8,96271 6,97,039
Total energy consumed GJ 29,40,132 29,17,201
*The numbers for FY 24 have been restated due to reclassification of green attribute ownership for renewable electricity and enhanced coverage of fuel
consumption points.
Energy Intensity
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Energy Intensity Intensity per vehicle GJ/vehicle 3.14 2.99*
produced
*The numbers for FY 24 have been restated due to reclassification of green attribute ownership for renewable electricity and enhanced coverage of fuel
consumption points
Reduction Of Energy Consumption
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Energy consumption Reduction due to Reduction in Electricity GJ 75,919 24,941
Energy Conservation Initiatives
Reduction in Fuel GJ 48,811 31,547
Water Withdrawal
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Surface water Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 2,13,381 2,49,108
Other water (>1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 0 0
Groundwater Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 6,67,560 5,71,963
Other water (>1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 0 0
Third-party water Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 37,96,632 42,13,408
Other water (>1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 0 0
Total Kiloliters 46,77,573 50,34,479
80th Integrated Annual Report
578
2024-25

Water Withdrawal from areas with Water Stress
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Surface water Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 64,514 68,344
Other water (>1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 0 0
Third-party water Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 8,41,357 10,12,610
Other water (>1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 0 0
Total Kiloliters 9,05,871 10,80,954
Water Discharge
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Water discharge by destination Surface water Kiloliters 1,85,565 1,04,126
Water discharge by freshwater and other Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 1,85,565 1,04,126
water
Other water (>1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 0 0
Water Discharge from areas with Water Stress
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Water discharge by destination Surface water Kiloliters 1,85,565 1,04,126
Water discharge by freshwater and other Freshwater (≤1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 1,85,565 1,04,126
water
Other water (>1,000 mg/L TDS) Kiloliters 0 0
Water Consumption
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Total water consumption (withdrawal -discharge) Kiloliters 44,92,008 49,30,353
Water Consumption from areas with Water Stress
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Total water consumption (withdrawal -discharge) Kiloliters 7,20,306 9,76,828
Direct (Scope 1) and Energy indirect (Scope 2) Emissions
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Direct Scope 1 emissions* tCO e 70,746 71,341**
2
Total Scope 2 emissions Market Based# tCO 2,14,289 2,38,018##
2
Location Based tCO 3,59,588 3,37,361
2
*Comprises of Co2, CH4, N20, HFCs gases. The emission factors for calculation of Scope 1 emissions are based on 2024 UK Government GHG Conversion
Factors for Company Reporting Version 1.1 from DEFRA.
**The numbers for FY 24 have been restated due to enhanced coverage of fuel consumption points and extended coverage of fugitive emissions from
refrigerants.
#Scope 2 GHG emissions based on market-based approach are after adjustments for International Renewable Energy Certificates(iRECs) purchased. For grid
electricity the latest applicable CEA published grid emission factor has been used.
## The numbers for FY 24 have been restated due to reclassification of green attribute ownership for renewable electricity.
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG Emissions (for limited categories)
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Total Scope 3 emissions Category 1 : Purchased goods and services tCO e 94,07,066 1,07,03,700*
2
Category 3 : Fuel- and energy-related activities tCO 68,323 75,115
2
Category 5 : Waste generated in operations tCO e 9,145 7,683
2
Category 6 : Business travel tCO 9,720 10,458
2
Category 7 : Employee commuting tCO e 14,511 13,899
2
Category 8 : Upstream leased assets tCO 2,376 2,359
2
Category 11 : Use of sold products tCO 15,26,00,209 17,22,69,033
2
Category 14 : Franchises tCO 1,90,808 1,96,339
2
Total tCO 16,23,02,158 18,32,78,586
2
*Category 1 numbers for FY24 have been restated due to change in methodology to apply the latest available emission factor database and adjustment of
spent on products and services for PPP and inflation.
579

ESG Databook
GHG emissions intensity
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Emission Intensity Total Scope 1 emission intensity in terms of physical output tCO e /vehicle 0.076 0.073*
2
produced
Total Scope 2 emission intensity in terms of physical output tCO /vehicle 0.229 0.244*
2
produced
Total Scope 3 emission intensity in terms of physical output tCO /vehicle 173.424 188.087
2
produced
*The numbers for FY 24 have been restated due to reclassification of green attribute ownership for renewable electricity, enhanced coverage of fuel
consumption points and extended coverage of fugitive emissions from refrigerants.
Reduction of GHG emissions
Category Unit FY25 FY24
GHG Emission Reduction in tCO through Reduction in Scope 1 tCO e 2,774 1,971
2 2
Energy conservation initiatives
Reduction in Scope 2 tCO 15,650 4,831
2
Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS)
Category Unit FY25 FY24
ODS Emissions Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) kg of CFC-11 124 142
Equivalent
Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), & other significant air emissions
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Other Significant Air NOx MT 259.72 208.00*
Emissions
SOx MT 0.25 0.28*
Particulate matter (PM) MT 820.17 1,008.00*
*The numbers for FY 24 have been restated due to a change in methodology to include only the air emissions from associated stacks and using fuel based
approach for SOx emissions, and using maximum concentration levels for NOx and TPM emissions from stack monitoring reports.
Waste Generated
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Hazardous waste Waste generated metric tons 8,779 6,934
Waste diverted from disposal metric tons 8,619 6,528
Waste directed to disposal metric tons 160 406
Non Hazardous waste** Waste generated metric tons 1,88,526 1,60,804*
Waste diverted from disposal metric tons 1,64,262 1,28,709*
Waste directed to disposal metric tons 24,264 32,095
Total Waste generated metric tons 1,97,305 1,67,739
Waste diverted from disposal metric tons 1,72,881 1,35,238
Waste directed to disposal metric tons 24,424 32,501
*Construction and demolition waste for FY24 has been restated due to enhanced coverage of waste generation points. Non-hazardous waste for FY24 does
not include plastic waste and scrap disposal that were recorded in lots or numbers.
**Non-hazardous waste disposed in lots have been converted into Metric tonnes using an average conversion factor from the generated value in FY 25 due to
an improvement in tracking processes leading to a marginal increase in the waste footprint reported. Non-hazardous waste includes ferrous and non-ferrous
metal and other scrap like packaging waste, plastic, rubber, glass and auto components that were sold to scrap dealers and not to the primary recyclers.
Recycling data has been certified through declarations by scrap dealers who in turn sell to end-users who are secondary metallurgical industries or recyclers
that convert scrap into other products.
80th Integrated Annual Report
580
2024-25

Hazardous Waste diverted from disposal by recovery operation
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Onsite Co-processing metric tons 0 0
Sale to Authorised Recyclers metric tons 0 0
Offsite Co-processing metric tons 3,681 3,187
Sale to Authorised Recyclers metric tons 4,938 3,341
Non Hazardous Waste diverted from disposal by recovery operation
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Onsite Biomethanation metric tons 247 0
Composting metric tons 750 759
Sand Reclamation metric tons 1,435 1,275
Send to Authorised Re-cyclers metric tons 4,635 0
Sold to Scrap Dealers metric tons 0 0
Others (Diverted) metric tons 0 0
Offsite Biomethanation metric tons 0 1007
Composting metric tons 1,940 1,154
Sand Reclamation metric tons 6,364 5,296
Send to Authorised Re-cyclers metric tons 26,030 14,447
Sold to Scrap Dealers metric tons 1,22,008 1,05,037
Others (Diverted) metric tons 853 1,766
Total metric tons 1,64,262 1,28,707
Hazardous Waste directed to disposal by disposal operation
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Onsite Incineration (without energy recovery) metric tons 26 28
Landfilling metric tons 0 0
Other disposal operations metric tons 0 0
Offsite Incineration (without energy recovery) metric tons 28 145
Landfilling metric tons 20 233
Other disposal operations metric tons 86 0
Total metric tons 160 406
Non Hazardous Waste directed to disposal by disposal operation
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Onsite Landfilling metric tons 20,034 24,225
Piggery metric tons - -
Offsite Landfilling metric tons 4,134 7,175
Piggery metric tons 96 665
Total metric tons 24,264 32,065
Social related data
Permanent Employees
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Employee Count Male Person 26,655 26,415
Female Person 1,521 1,274
Total Permanent Employees Person 28,176 27,689
Other than Permanent employees Employees
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Employee Count Male Person 25,301 27,052
Female Person 4,965 5,372
Total Other than Permanent employees Person 30,266 32,424
581

ESG Databook
Management Employee Age Based (Permanent Employees)
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Employee Diversity (<30 years) Total Person 1,894 1,467
Female Person 531 399
% of Female % 28 27
Employee Diversity (30-50 years) Total Person 8,763 8,974
Female Person 584 569
% of Female % 6.7 6.3
Employee Diversity (>50 years) Total Person 1,934 2,177
Female Person 66 75
% of Female % 3.4 3.4
Management Worker Age Based (Non-Permanent Employees)
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Employee Diversity (<30 years) Total Person 293 523
Female Person 83 109
% of Female % 28 21
Employee Diversity (30-50 years) Total Person 64 123
Female Person 16 23
% of Female % 25 19
Employee Diversity (>50 years) Total Person 8 12
Female Person 1 1
% of Female % 12.5 8.3
Employee Hires
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Total number of new employee (management) hires Person 1,171 1,596
Breakdown of new employee (management) hires by age and gender
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Male <30 years Person 452 524
30- 50 years Person 419 705
> 50 years Person 5 16
Female <30 years Person 209 236
30- 50 years Person 86 112
> 50 years Person 0 3
Employee turnover
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Employee Turnover Rate Total Employee (management) % 7.60 7.60
Voluntary employee (management) % 6.80 7.10
Breakdown of employee (management) turnover rate by gender
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Male Total employee turnover rate % 7.20 7.20
Voluntary employee turnover rate % 6.30 6.70
Female Total employee turnover rate % 11.80 12.60
Voluntary employee turnover rate % 11.30 12.30
80th Integrated Annual Report
582
2024-25

Breakdown of employee (management) turnover rate by age
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Total employee turnover rate <30 years % 11.70 13.60
30- 50 years % 7.00 7.70
> 50 years % 10.60 7.60
Total Voluntary employee turnover rate <30 years % 11.60 13.60
30- 50 years % 6.80 7.50
> 50 years % 2.30 2.10
Work Related Injuries
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Employees* Number of Fatalities as a result of work- Number 0 1
related injury
Rate of Fatalities as a result of work-related % 0.00 0.01
injury
Number of High-consequence work-related Number 0 1
injuries (excluding fatalities)
Rate of High-consequence work-related % 0 0.01
injuries (excluding fatalities)
Number of recordable work-related injuries Number 67** 102
Rate of recordable work-related injuries % 0.52 0.76
Number of hours worked Hours 12,91,77,919 13,42,14,382
Workers* Number of Fatalities as a result of work- Number 1 1
related injury
Rate of Fatalities as a result of work-related % 0.02 0.01
injury
Number of High-consequence work-related Number 0 0
injuries (excluding fatalities)
Rate of High-consequence work-related % 0 0
injuries (excluding fatalities)
Number of recordable work-related injuries Number 25 30
Rate of recordable work-related injuries % 0.38 0.44
Number of hours worked Hours 6,58,75,454 6,78,96,703
*For safety metrics employees include both white collar employees & blue-collar workers on roll with Tata Motors while workers consist of the third-party
contractual workforce and business partners.
**One LTI case was reported for a permanent employee that was later retracted in regulatory filings post investigation. This has been excluded from
reporting.
Work related Ill Health
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Employees No. of Fatalities because of Occupational Number - -
Health Illness
No. of cases of recordable Occupational Number - -
Health Illness
Workers No. of Fatalities because of Occupational Number - -
Health Illness
No. of cases of recordable Occupational Number - -
Health Illness
Average hours of training per year per employee
Category Unit FY25 FY24
Management Employees Male Hours 24.92 24.90
Female Hours 28.50 27.70
Total Hours 25.28 25.10
Non-Management Technicians Male Hours 33.03 46.25
Female Hours 32.57 7.90
Total Hours 32.97 35.01
583

Corporate Information
Tata Motors Limited
Name of the Company
CIN: L28920MH1945PLC004520
Group Chief Financial Officer Mr. P B Balaji
Company Secretary Mr. Maloy Kumar Gupta
Bombay House, 24 Homi Mody Street, Mumbai,
Registered Office
Maharashtra, India, 400001
Tel: +91 22 6665 8282
Email: inv_rel@tatamotors.com
Website: www.tatamotors.com
Pune
Works Jamshedpur
Pantnagar
Dharwad
Lucknow
Sanand
B S R & Co. LLP
Statutory Auditors Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101248W/W-100022
Parikh & Associates
Secretarial Auditors
Practicing Company Secretary
FCS No: 327 CP No: 1228
PR No.: 6556/2025
Annual General Meeting Friday, June 20, 2025 @ 3:00 pm (IST)
MUFG Intime India Private Limited
Registrar & Transfer Agent
(formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited)
C-101, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West),
Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400083,
Tel No.: +91 8108118484
Email: csg-unit@linkintime.co.in
Website: https://linkintime.co.in/
80th Integrated Annual Report
584
2024-25

Bombay House, 24 Homi Mody Street, Mumbai 400 001, India
TataMotorsGroup tatamotors company/tata-motors user/TataMotorsGroup tatamotorsgroup www.tatamotors.com
skrow.purrits@pustahw
|
ta
ngised
dna
tnetnoc
,tpecnoC